
------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : shortwave, positive Score : 140 and negative Score :-38
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. As my old Radio Shack cassette shortwave radio died, I wrote a letter to Santa and lo and behold I found the Sony under the tree Xmas morning.The radio has some nice features like full world band coverage, stereo FM with headphones, nice compact size, good ergonomics, fine memory system, synchronous detector (locks in on stations--a great feature), and ability to handle ham radio broadcasts.I like the radio very much.  
2. This is the best that Sony currently has to offer (in the past Sony was one of the world's best manufacturers of shortwave radios).  
3. The similarily priced Grundig G5/Eton E5 is a viable contender, but its lack of sychronous detection would be a deal breaker for many (including, so it seems, Santa).It would be lovely to have a table top shortwave receiver, a long antenna strewn about in the backyard, but from a practiable (and portable) standpoint, the Sony ICF-SW7600GR is superb.  
4. The Sony ICF-SW7600GR is without doubt one of the best AM/FM/Shortwave radios I have seen. 
5. For many reasons this is absolutely the best valued shortwave receiver on the market.1. 
6. This is my first shortwave radio. 
7. I just recieved the Sony-ICF-SW7600GR AM/FM.This is my first dip into the shortwave world and this seems to be an excelent place to start out.According to the other reviews it seemed to get a high rating and other Sony products that I own are the best(very few misses)I did my first DXing last night and after listening to a whole lot of static I learned to adjust the controls of the right side to get it working better(and attached the wire retracting device to the whip antenna and placed it by the window)also turned off the tv and computer near by(I leave in sleep mode-technically still on-not good)and seemed to get in a few stations-but it was late(4am Eastern DST),the guide book says to start earlier-so I'm learning!
8. I think my next step in shortwave will be the Grundid 750-tabletop unit-according to experienced DX-ers a knob tuner wheel in more desirable and the tuning analog strength meter is a good feature-Amazon has it for a good price but I need to save up a little(lot)more!!
9. I think the whole secret to this shortwave stuff is a great antenna(seems the experienced users run a long wire out in the yard-usually about a 100 foot long)we'll see!!
10. I need to try this radio outside away from the high tension wires and metal awnings and gutters and home electronics to see if that helps with shortwave more.But I'm satisfied with the features even for casual listning.I'm pulling in a ton of FM stations that I've never heard of before-so we'll see?
11. Happy ListeningSony ICF-SW7600GR AM/FM Shortwave World Band Receiver with Single Side Band Reception, plus External Plug-in Antenna
12. It has good "pull-in" power for many shortwave stations even with the supplied antenna. 
13. For a small portible radio that handles shortwave you can't go wrong.Now if shortwave would make a comeback it would be great! 
14. For a small portible radio that handles shortwave you can't go wrong.Now if shortwave would make a comeback it would be great! 
15. A great radio to consider if you only want one shortwave radio, and don't want to spend very much. 
16. I did return mine as I felt the audio quality on the shortwave bands had a "thin" quality which made (for me) listening unpleasant. 
17. The Sony is selective and sensitive, but on the shortwave bands my very inexpensive 30 year old tabletop proved more listenable for me.  
18. I did a lot of research on what would be the best AM/Shortwave radio for under $200 and it paid off. 
19. It generally sounds muffled on shortwave broadcasts and just "okay" for regular AM/FM reception.  
20. I was looking for a good shortwave radio but didn't want to spend a fortune.  
21. I have been able to pick up stations from Havana Cuba, Cairo, Egypt, Rome, Italy, Iran and countless others during the evening hours from the Mid-Atlantic area.The supplied shortwave station guide is helpful but outdated.  
22. So if you are looking for a real shortwave radio at an entry level price this is probably your best bet.  
23. According to several of the most popular shortwave books that I've read, the Sony ICF-SW7600GR is one of the best inexpensive shortwave receivers that you can buy.This is the second shortwave receiver that I have bought. 
24. According to several of the most popular shortwave books that I've read, the Sony ICF-SW7600GR is one of the best inexpensive shortwave receivers that you can buy.This is the second shortwave receiver that I have bought. 
25. According to several of the most popular shortwave books that I've read, the Sony ICF-SW7600GR is one of the best inexpensive shortwave receivers that you can buy.This is the second shortwave receiver that I have bought. 
26. I would recommend this shortwave receiver to anyone wanting to listen to shortwave radio.The only thing that could make this purchase a little better is a good external antenna. 
27. I would recommend this shortwave receiver to anyone wanting to listen to shortwave radio.The only thing that could make this purchase a little better is a good external antenna. 
28. I added it to my small collection of Shortwave radios after trying others that just didn't meet my needs due to their small size. 
29. This radio is a hunk of shortwave power on the go! 
30. CAUTION: if you aren't familiar with shortwave propagation, study up on it just a bit on the Internet or you'll be very disappointed and do what some other reviewers have apparently done.  
31. This apparently is the last of the Japanese-made portable shortwave radios, and the last of the Sony shortwave line for sale in the USA. 
32. This apparently is the last of the Japanese-made portable shortwave radios, and the last of the Sony shortwave line for sale in the USA. 
33. It's very sensitive on shortwave and along with the sync feature, it really makes listening to less-powered stations from around the globe a pleasant affair.Using the included antenna reel helps, although not really necessary. 
34. Once you have experienced the ability of Synch Detection to dig out and lock-in weak stations and reduce adjacent station interference you will never buy another shortwave radio without it.  
35. The stereo audio on FM through a quality set of headphones is excellent.In regards to a comment about the operation of the 7600GR and its ergonomics, the person either didn't read the manual and/or knows very little about shortwave reception.  
36. And the 7600GR is the most useful and simple portable shortwave radio I have ever used in my 30+ years in this hobby.  
37. Shortwave reception, as opposed to what some others have said, does not seem too insensitive to weak signals. 
38. To my pleasant surprise, when I scanned the shortwave bands on a clear night, I picked up all the stations that I had any interest in listening to. 
39. I definitely recommend this product for shortwave listening.If you're looking for an all-around sensitive receiver that screams &#34;quality,&#34; I would definitely recommend this receiver to you.
40. I'm very new to the world of shortwave (2 days now).  
41. What I'd love to see is a completely modern version of the legendary Sony ICF-2010, which this unit really is not meant to be, but it's as close as we'll probably ever get from Sony.Overall, a great shortwave radio!
42. This is a very sensitive and versatile, dual conversion, shortwave radio.  
43. This portion of the band can be  used for emergency broadcasting and can receive the audio portion of some TV stations.There is, also a longwave band, a standard broadcast band and 14 shortwave bands all of which can be scanned so that looking for a station is fast and easy.  
44. There is also an alarm feature with two preset memories.The radio comes with a shortwave radio guide and a soft case for the radio.Do not buy an AC power supply to be used with shortwave. 
45. Using rechargeable batteries (4 type AA) is the best way to go for shortwave listening.  
46. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
47. The Sony ICF-7600GR is a great little shortwave radio. 
48. I it is much easier to operate than my Sony SW77 and it is easier to tune in SSB than the SW77.Sony is the last of the giant manufacturers to offer a shortwave radio and it is still made in Japan not China, and I thank them for continuing to make a product that only appeals to a small niche of Customers.That being said, first of all it is not a "boom box" designed for music listening. 
49. The sound quality is ideal for shortwave listening (SWL). 
50. When you listen to AM(MW), keep in mind that the built in ferrite core antenna is bi-directional, and rotating the radio position can improve reception and reduce background noise.I would Highly recommend the ICF-7600GR to anyone that wants a highly effective receiver for shortwave. 
51. Of course the booming powerhouse shortwave stations sound great.  
52. This the best small shortwave receiver.  
53. But I was amazed at how well  the  shortwave received on a long wire antenna attached to the radio antenna.  
54. The reason I rated it so low is because of the scanning feature.When you try to scan to listen to ANY shortwave band, it will only scan the band and not all availible channels.  
55. bought the receiver to listen to ham bands and swl. radio has bfo which makes tuning ssb and cw great,and tuning  is in 1khz or 5hz increments which makes the selectivity better than most am shortwave radios. i am able to monitor packet psk31 on 40m and 20meters. only fault is no ac adaptor provided. but found a universal one on amazon for cheap. overall very satisfied a great little radio for fm, swl, and casual ham monitoring.
56. On AM and Shortwave, reception is quite sensitive, and with the sync detector, the fact that only one bandwith is provided is not a large handicap (many sets have two bandwidths available).FM reception is good but not up to the level provided by the Eton E-5, Kaito 1103 or even the Kaito 1102. 
57. Since this radio picks up shortwave it would be nice to know what meter band you are on. 
58. The last remaining Sony shortwave radio is the miraculous ICF-SW7600GR. 
59. There was no shortage of in-the-clear shortwave broadcast stationsto listen to. 
60. This Sony line of compact shortwave receivers can be traced back to 1977 with the release of theoriginal ICF-7600 featuring an analog tuner. 
61. This is the best shortwave radio I have owned this far. 
62. I read in one of the previous reviews that Sony is moving out of the production of shortwave radios. 
63. You'll be able to easily spot those for yourself.)If you do read and follow those instructions, this radio is quite easy to use and, by following these instructions (and also by reading some basic books about shortwave listening such asPassport to World Band Radio, 2008 Edition (Passport to World Band Radio)andWorld Radio TV Handbook 2008: The Directory of Global Broadcasting (World Radio TV Handbook)), you will derive maximum benefit from the radio. 
64. (Please note that the two books mentioned above introduce new editions each year; you can check for them here on Amazon.)This receiver contains just the controls necessary to bring in signals clearly, thereby eliminating much complication that can cause difficulty in use.Its main claim to shortwave fame, in addition to its overall superb design, is its inclusion of a synchronous detection circuit (as well as full single sideband [SSB] reception), available on no other currently available new receiver in its size- and/or price-class. 
65. The radio is very efficient with batteries; a set lasts a very long time and, of course, rechargeable ones can be recharged over and over again.The radio has over 100 memories (100 "regular" memories, 2 more memories for the alarm clock function, and one each for the bottom of each shortwave frequency band). 
66. Currently this antenna is being sold ONLY by an eB@y dealer in Japan (just Google "Buyfromjapan" and then enter "AN-LP1" in his search box) -- but he is absolutely reliable and FAST - you'll have your antenna in less than a week by Express Mail - and he takes the usual major credit cards as well as PayPal.I believe that using an AN-LP1 with an ICF-SW7600GR results in an almost "perfect" portable shortwave reception center.
67. The included spooled shortwave antenna allows reception of distant shortwave stations. 
68. The included spooled shortwave antenna allows reception of distant shortwave stations. 
69. This superb shortwave radio has one major fault: no 120 volt house current transformer.  
70. A proper transformer for shortwave radios needs noise suppression, so you can't use just any transformer.  
71. The AM/SW reception is much better compared to my older 9 band analog Sony shortwave receiver ICF-4920. 
72. Personally, I'm seriously considering getting another as a spare since it's been rumored for years that Sony will be discontinuing this, the last of its great portable shortwave receivers.
73. If you want a great shortwave radio, look to further.  
74. If you arent familiar with shortwave listening, you will be amazed at what you can pick up.
75. I originally purchased the Sony ICF-SW7600GR from Amazon back in 2005 after looking off and on for a small portable shortwave radio for months.I'm not an expert in shortwave equipment or a DX nutter. 
76. I originally purchased the Sony ICF-SW7600GR from Amazon back in 2005 after looking off and on for a small portable shortwave radio for months.I'm not an expert in shortwave equipment or a DX nutter. 
77. It was a little more than the Grundigs, but right out of the box I was able to get all the shortwave regulars (Havana, China, Japan, Germany, Holland, Vietnam, Italy and in the early hours I even get Australian ABC). 
78. AM reception is excellent and it picks up the shortwave stations very well.
79. Shortwave was deaf.  
80. Very sensitive on shortwave and mediumwave (I don't use it for FM), built like a tank, good on batteries.  
81. The only better portable shortwave receiver out there is the Grundig Satellit 800, which costs three times as much and is the size of a tank.
82. The ICF-SW7600 GR fulfills what it promises to be: a high-build quality portable AM/FM Shortwave radio with excellent sensitivity on all bands. 
83. My main interest was to purchase a good shortwave radio.This radio cannot pull in the signal very well at all even after clipping an extension wire onto the antenna.I located an old Grundig YB305 portable digital shortwave radio to compare to the Sony.  
84. My main interest was to purchase a good shortwave radio.This radio cannot pull in the signal very well at all even after clipping an extension wire onto the antenna.I located an old Grundig YB305 portable digital shortwave radio to compare to the Sony.  
85. Excellent reception, including shortwave. 
86. Shortwave reception is strongly affected by atmospheric conditions but the radio has sideband tuning capability as well as a signal lock-on function which allows you to compensate for electromagnetic disturbances generated by sunlight. 
87. I'm new to shortwave so maybe this is no big deal to most, but for $150 I'm getting alot of entertainment from this little radio. 
88. The shortwave is excellent.Irecommend you to slect  sony-7600.
89. This is an excellent shortwave with quality reception on all bands.  
90. Otherwise, it's a solid and reliable shortwave for under $200.
91. I have owned a few shortwave radios in the past, and I have to say I really like this radio. 
92. Amazon delivers an outstanding opportunity to learn and enjoy shortwave radio with an instrument capable of reception ability, sound quality, and performance engineering.  
93. There are numerous  pre-set button: perhaps too many and the novice user is at a loss when first using them.Reception signal is OK and Speaker is OK but the technology of both is no better that what was offered ten years ago by grundig for the same money.It's a fine shortwave for the money, if you pay no more than $100-$120.
94. However, I would be hard pressed to identify a better built radio than the Sony 7600GR in its price class for casual to intermediate shortwave enthusiasts seeking a quality portable receiver solution with SSB support and AM synchronous detection.On a side note for interested buyers, take note that Sony does not package an AC adapter with the 7600GR. 
95. I bought it several years ago when I wanted to start trying out shortwave radio, especially when camping and hiking in remote areas.Since then, I've purchased numerous new toys like iPods, a satellite radio, and a couple table-top radios.  
96. With top quality FM stations, you can hear deep bass, clear mids, and crisp highs.The Standby memory function makes this radio a great travel alarm clock.Shortwave reception has been great for me. 
97. This product comes as a refinement of a long line of shortwave radios from Sony.  
98. The F.M. and shortwave are also nice. 
99. This is the only shortwave radio Sony presently makes, and it may be the last the company will ever make.  
100. Clearly, the ICF-7600GR was designed for the shortwave hobbiest, and the whole package makes a nice little shortwave kit - radio with tilting stand on the back, soft case, reel antenna, and two booklets.  
101. Clearly, the ICF-7600GR was designed for the shortwave hobbiest, and the whole package makes a nice little shortwave kit - radio with tilting stand on the back, soft case, reel antenna, and two booklets.  
102. The Tecsun pl 660 looks like a good unit with similar features if you want to save a few bucks.enjoy surfing the shortwave bands!
103. The AM reception is simply amazing.FM radio of course always comes in perfectly and sounds great.Shortwave reception is wonderful, and you get SSB all for under $150.I wouldn't even compare this radio to any others in the $200 price range.Look to spend a bit more on other brands if you're looking for this quality.
104. I picked SONY because of many good reviews especially those from experienced shortwave listeners.  
105. After receiving the shipment, I made comparison between SONY 7600gr and my existing RX-396 and found that the SONY's shortwave reception is decidedly inferior to RX-396. 
106. The great names on the shortwave units of yesteryear are now either slapping their badges on drugstore-discount South Asian made devices, or have stopped making radios altogether. 
107. So in reality, *This is the best shortwave radio under $500.
108. Bought after searching the Internet for the best Shortwave radio. 
109. Sorry for my bad english, my mother tongue is german.Its a nice piece of Japan engineering, i have all the pre models here in use and that Model is a good successor of all which was in row before.The SW7600GR  has an very sensitive receiver for shortwave and a clear and good reception for FM.The additonal antenna for Shortwave is a good and easy way to improve the reception on SW.
110. Sorry for my bad english, my mother tongue is german.Its a nice piece of Japan engineering, i have all the pre models here in use and that Model is a good successor of all which was in row before.The SW7600GR  has an very sensitive receiver for shortwave and a clear and good reception for FM.The additonal antenna for Shortwave is a good and easy way to improve the reception on SW.
111. this little radio picks up a lot of FM stations...I picked up Havana Cuba and a French speaking SW station the first time I tried to get shortwave radio and I live in Midwest USA, and down in a valley with some big hills around me.  
112. This is my first shortwave radio.  
113. But, afterall it is shortwave radio quality. 

negative sentences : 
1. The shortwave sensitivity is so poor that most of the time the radio is useless as a shortwave reciever.  
2. The shortwave sensitivity is so poor that most of the time the radio is useless as a shortwave reciever.  
3. I've been an avid shortwave radio listener since the mid-1960s and have had several radios throughout the years.  
4. --the small, sturdy size is a plus.for city dwellers, and a lot smaller than the massive set I had in the 70s-80sThis was a good deal for the $, would imagine it's not the best for the hardcore shortwave fanatics, but this radio for someone just getting into (or back into) the hobby.
5. I bought this radio with some skepticism since I have owned 3 portable shortwave radios in the past (2 digital, 1 analog) and recall the frustration in receiving SW stations clearly. 
6. This Shortwave Radio fell significantly  short of my expectation.While it offered several unique features, and several shortcuts, some of may have beenmotivated by cost consideration.By any standards it is not my favorite
7. I have just recently gotten into Shortwave listening, and this radio has been perfect for me.  
8. Bought this radio to use on board my boat for general FM radio reception and picking up shortwave weather broadcasts from the National Weather Service and Coast Guard. 
9. In fact, since I've owned it I've never been able to pick up any shortwave signals at all. 
10. To be fair, I'm no shortwave guru so I maybe I'm not setting it up right. 
11. There are many reviews already on this radio, so mine will be short.I like Sony, I've liked all there shortwave radios. 
12. That's the other side of the shortwave radio equation, and also a fun project. 73's
13. These two radios are the pinnacle of portable shortwave radio design but are now difficult to find new.  
14. The 7600GR with the AN-LP1 antenna will blow away any competitor in the portable shortwave radio catagory available new today.  
15. There is no problem picking commercial shortwave radio stations in China, India, Russia,VOA....
16. I have no friends who know what shortwave is, much less what radio to buy.  
17. I lived in "bush" Alaska for many years and shortwave radio  was my basic human contact. 
18. I have compared it with other shortwave radios in my ham shack, and for the price it performs well.  
19. If you want an AM/FM/Shortwave (plus Longwave) radio which is a superb performer yet won't break the bank, this is the one.I can flatly state that this radioSony ICF-SW7600GR AM/FM Shortwave World Band Receiver with Single Side Band Receptionis positively the finest compact portable shortwave, longwave (and AM/FM) receiver currently on the market. 
20. I believe that it is the finest compact portable shortwave receiver ever designed.To get anything more capable, you will have to spend a LOT more money - and it is possible that, unless you research the market VERY carefully, you may get something which is not as good!
21. (It shouldn't take more than one or two CAREFUL readings of the instructions to fully understand them.)You must realize that this is NOT an ordinary analog AM/FM radio where all you do is turn it on, select AM or FM, and maybe change the stations with a knob.This is in fact a sophisticated portable communications receiver and thus requires a learning curve if you are not familiar with shortwave reception. 
22. This annoyance will not occur on this Sony.)For shortwave listening, it is quite sensitive off its whip antenna yet is robust enough to handle a significant external antenna, should the owner decide to use one.With this radio, the user can easily and conveniently hear, at appropriate times of the day, English-language broadcasts from England (of course!)
23. It is still manufactured in Japan (for Sony by Towada Audio Corporation, a company located in Kosaka, a town in the Kazuno District, Akita, Japan; they actually developed the radio), unlike all other compact shortwave portables which are manufactured in China (or, rarely, in Taiwan). 
24. I pickup some interesting shortwave radio stations with it as I am new to it. 
25. As with any portable, if you want more stations on shortwave, use a better antenna.  
26. The 7600GR could very well be the last significant iteration of the Sony portable shortwave radio product line. 
27. The radio has great sensitivity and selectivity to bring in hard to reach shortwave radio stations. 
28. It's also a reminder to take user reviews with a grain of salt.The Sony excels as a portable shortwave radio with SSB.  
29. It also comes with a shortwave manual that offers helpful information, including frequency locations.  
30. If you could afford only two portable shortwave radios, or wanted to limit yourself to only two, I would say these are definitely the two to have.In the end, the primary description of this radio that comes to mind is, "mediocre".  
31. In addition to the radio, the box includes a portable shortwave reel antenna, a fitted vinyl case with Velcro closures, a shortwave radio handbook, a user's manual, a one-year warranty and other documentation. 
32. In addition to the radio, the box includes a portable shortwave reel antenna, a fitted vinyl case with Velcro closures, a shortwave radio handbook, a user's manual, a one-year warranty and other documentation. 
33. I haven't listened shortwave radio for years, and cannot make too much judgement on that. (3) It doesn't come with power adaptor.But, if one want to buy a GOOD shorterwave radio, there are not too many options.
34. Very well, the shortwave radio is just what I need, although it is relatively long, but I like it very much, at present still learning to useAbove for machine translation

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : time, positive Score : 61 and negative Score :-14
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. this little radio picks up a lot of FM stations...I picked up Havana Cuba and a French speaking SW station the first time I tried to get shortwave radio and I live in Midwest USA, and down in a valley with some big hills around me.  
2. Great radio, used daily in the kitchen for 8 years.Only beefs are mentioned in title.Volume control got dirty after about 3-4 years, they could have put an extra dime into a better quality potentiometer.The LCD time is not displayed when the radio is on and tuned to a station, only when 'Off'.Programming presets could be easier and more intuitive.Otherwise great sensitivity and good sound.
3. * Tuning by pressing the up/down buttons is usable - it wasn't really on the 7600* Two up/down tuning rates* Slider volume control on the 7600 replaced by a rotary control (good).* UTC and local time available.The other major change is the case moving from a dark gray plastic to the silver color that Sony seems to favor, but which really doesn't wear well.Other than the above, it seems to work as well as my old 7600 did. 
4. The only drawback that it can be a bit comfusing to use at first, but with time it becomes easy.  
5. Sony had better make it easier to use when you turn it on for the first time.  
6. I use it with longer-life rechargeable and they last a fairly long time (about an hour or two at a time and they last weeks). 
7. I use it with longer-life rechargeable and they last a fairly long time (about an hour or two at a time and they last weeks). 
8. I've had a good time exploring the shortband radio waves, it comes with a great booklet on reception depending on location and time very useful.  
9. I've had a good time exploring the shortband radio waves, it comes with a great booklet on reception depending on location and time very useful.  
10. I cannot believe the amount of time that the batteries last. 
11. I've been able to find lots of interesting stations from around the world.Presets are easy to use once you get the hang of it.Batteries last a ridiculously long time.Rugged and reliable. 
12. In the same time, two iPods have broken, my first satellite radio broke. 
13. I love the "sleep" setting thatquietly will turn the radio off after a predetermined time, great for when youlisten to the BBC as you drift off, or a long winded numbers station.Its hard for me to say "get this, its better than the G3" because they are soclosely matched, but for me the selling point was that the Sony was just easierto use, more intuitive, with better manuals.If you want a versatile, well built, intuitive, multi-band world radio thatsportable, easy to power and sensitive, this one will not disappoint you.
14. Plusses:Great little receiver - not heavy, but light, thin and easy to pack.The AA batteries do last a long time.The timers work fine.WAY more memories than you will ever need.  
15. When I experimented with batteries from the bike lamp which was indicating weak batteries, and inserted them into the radio, I was able to listen on theresidual energy for a fair length of time.OVERALL: A good mix of performance characteristics for the price.
16. Also I was hoping that it would scan through all of the channels at the same time, but you have to push 2 buttons together to change bands, and when you search for a station, it will only search within that band
17. In addition, the controls on the sides of the radio are tiny and poorly labeled, so that people with either bad eyesight or fat fingers could have a difficult time using them.  
18. I wanted to see what all the hype was about while there was still time.The unit is impressive in its build quality.  
19. Sometimes I'd get a clear reception, but most of the time I have a mixing reception with beats, and the 2 adjacent stations are the Radio Netherland at 6165 kHz and the Radio Havanna Cuba at 6180 kHz.  
20. I have had mine for a couple of years now, so I have had ample time to play with it and sort through it's idiosyncrasies. 
21. It is a good thing that Sony radios tend to work a long time because getting them repaired can be very expensive.This radio has everything, and with 100 preset capability it makes a wonderful traveling companion.  
22. (When you set the local time, the other time zone is automatically set as well so you only have to set the clock once.)Sony no longer offers a suitable AC Adapter for this radio. 
23. (When you set the local time, the other time zone is automatically set as well so you only have to set the clock once.)Sony no longer offers a suitable AC Adapter for this radio. 
24. After a great deal of research and time, I decided to choose this radio over the Grundig G3. 
25. What will be erased is the current time on the radio's clock but that's very easily reset.The built-in "tin-can" speaker is the only part of the 7600 that I dislike. 
26. I remember a few years ago listing to the US Coast Guard on HF searching for a downed flight in the Pacific on my Sony 2010 and watching the news on TV at the same time. 
27. got a great price from amazon on this feature-packed little radio.. did my research, this is my first swl radio in about 20 years...It's just taking a little time to learn the ins and outs of this radio...
28. The scanning feature is nice and the memmory/page design is great-it takes a little time to get the hang of it but keep the owners manual handy for referal-I just learned to enjoy it for what it is-a portable radio with a ton of features.The only drawback was a lack of a ac/dc transformer(Sony discontinued them-also the portable antenna's also)-no problem-I ordered a ac/dc power supply from another supplier(Universal Radio has a filtered and fused unit)and while pricey it works well-although the alkaline batteries I installed should last a long time-you can use rechargeable batteries as well with an external charger unit for the NI-CAD or LI-ON you would like to use.Amazon did a great job shipping on time-price was great-and with Prime membership shipping was free-way to go Amazon!!
29. I don't know if this was a fluke, (three different nights now, same results) or what, but so far, I am very pleased.Again, I know that reception can vary considerably depending on seasons, time of day, atmospheric conditions, solar activity and location (inside/outside, type of building or environment, inner city, "out in the sticks", etc.) and I was probably receiving during the best of these conditions. 
30. I do live on the outskirts of town, it was during winter and about 6:00-7pm, which is generally the optimum time to listen, but still very impressive. 
31. I am now looking for a similar sony radio but this time I am looking for a unit with knob controls, switches and tuning up front. 
32. Probably the best recommendation forthe 7600GR is that in spite of all the laudable reviews, usingone for the first time still surprises.  
33. The primary one is its awkward, almost infuriating, tuning method when you're sweeping through a SW or Ham band looking for stations: UP/DOWN buttons which create about a half-second silent pause each time you change the frequency. 
34. Depending on time of day, solar storm activity, and other factors, different bands have different characteristics.  
35. Single sideband stations can also be received.There is also a clock that can show Universal Coordinated Time (or the time in any other part of the world) and local time. 
36. There are, in fact, two clocks, one of which can be set to your local time, and the other which can be set to any time zone you desire; I have mine set to UTC [GMT]. 
37. If, however, you remove the batteries for a long time, then you will have to reset the clock. 
38. The radio is very efficient with batteries; a set lasts a very long time and, of course, rechargeable ones can be recharged over and over again.The radio has over 100 memories (100 "regular" memories, 2 more memories for the alarm clock function, and one each for the bottom of each shortwave frequency band). 
39. Incredibly, in all this time, no other manufacturer has been able to design a radio even equal to this Sony, much less superior.Its construction quality is absolutely first-rate. 
40. I use ear buds most of the time, listening for distant stations.Happy tuning DXers of the world !
41. Sony seemed to "get this right" more often than other other producers of SW sets (few even offered it).But alas, the famous 2010 (one of my all time favorite SW radios) is gone, the SW-77 is gone, the SW-100 is gone and this year the highly innovative SW-07 has been deleted.The 7600GR is the only remaining Sony with this feature... 
42. The FM stations sound equaly as well and the world clock keeps excellent time. 
43. I have noted a number of reviews mentioning that the Sony ICF-SW7600GR, in my opinion the finest small portable short wave receiver available at the present time, does not come with an AC adapter.I own three (3) of these receivers (as well as two of its predecessor receiver the ICF-SW7600G).Believe me, you do not need (or even want) an AC adapter. 
44. Single sideband stations can also be received.There is also a clock that can show Universal Coordinated Time (or the time in any other part of the world) and local time. 

negative sentences : 
1. That doesn't give you much time to decide if you want to listen or not.  
2. Though I've not recorded the actual time I can play before recharging becomes necessary, my sense is that it's around 20 hours.From my backyard on Long Island, New York, using the the radio's whip antenna, unaided, I have received stations from halfway around the world (New Zealand, Australia, Vietnam) as well as the Middle East (Egypt, UAR) and Europe.  
3. Secondly, battery life is not great, and the backup time while you're changing batteries is not very long (a few minutes). 
4. Unless you're careful, you'll press one or more buttons every time you move it (annoying, to say the least).  
5. I suppose the Fm and MW were ok although i didn't spend much time trying them, my goal was to buy a good, &#34;hot' portable SW.  
6. The small switches may prove to have a short life over time (speculation only)-Reception was not quite as good, when comparing it to my Eton E5 side by side, as I had expected, especially since the vast majority of the reviews that I have read said that the Sony was far superior to the Eton E5 for reception on all bands except FM. 
7. I liked SONY because of normal rotating volume control, sync. detector, SSB capabilities, dual conversion and reasonable working time from one set of batteries.What I do not like is tunning by buttons. 
8. I was unable to receive any short wave broadcasts at any time from any place inside my house or in the back yard.
9. The ac/dc adapter from Universal Radio works well and saves batteries.The antenna reel that comes with it did help a little for better reception-but there again I need to put more time into the hobby!
10. The shortwave sensitivity is so poor that most of the time the radio is useless as a shortwave reciever.  
11. Night light should stay on all the time if plugged in.Speaker/sound quality - not so hot - use headphones for short wave.Be sure to get the 6vDC adapter for day-to-day desktop use.Digital tuner is ultra-fine - means lots of button pushing to move through the bands.Scanning function ONLY works in one bank (of 10 banks of 10 memories) saved memories - NOT just looking for stations in any band.Actually, it only has two bands:AM - tunes continuously from 150KHz to 30MHz (including SSB.)FM - 88-108MHz only.Could use NOAA weather (162-165MHz,) and Air (108-135MHz) might be nice.EASY (too easy) to switch between AM & FM.On/Off button right where you grab it to pick it up.More tuning functions on both edges of unit.Unfortunately, volume is jus another black dial along there somewhere.Just wonder if the engineers tried to actually use this thing, or added controls where they would fit.KEEP THE MANUAL HANDY!  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : radios, positive Score : 65 and negative Score :-31
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The only issue I'm not sure about, and can't make a judgement on, is the long-term reliability of these three radios. 
2. I run a 70ft. outside antenna to both of my shortwave radios when I want a good strong signal from weak stations.  
3. I never really appreciated it until I tried using headphones on cheaper radios. 
4. I have owned a few shortwave radios in the past, and I have to say I really like this radio. 
5. This model gets very high marks not only from consumers who know little about SW/LW radios such as myself, but also from the Ham Radio community as a backup/portable/emergency radio.When the goof balls in Washington D. 
6. I have not purchased a adapter from there yet but they seem pretty confident it works .This is a great radio and sony's decision to discontinue the noiseless adapter is just another in a long line of sony misses in recent years .get all the good radios that you can.
7. AM reception is average comparable to other radios. 
8. we  bought this radio hoping that it has more advanced technology than the old version of Sony world radios. 
9. I own two similar radios, the Sangean 909 ATS and a Grundig YB 400 PE.  
10. This is the same as most new radios, though.The SSB function is kind of unusual for a portable. 
11. A proper transformer for shortwave radios needs noise suppression, so you can't use just any transformer.  
12. I read in one of the previous reviews that Sony is moving out of the production of shortwave radios. 
13. It was a five-tube desktop model that simplyexpanded upon tried and true AM radios found in every household. 
14. It is a good thing that Sony radios tend to work a long time because getting them repaired can be very expensive.This radio has everything, and with 100 preset capability it makes a wonderful traveling companion.  
15. I am fairly new to SW radios. 
16. These radios have proven reliable under adverse conditions. 
17. Because I bought the Sony after buying the Chinese radios, thinking, "Hey, this is one of the few SW/AM/FM radios actually still made in Japan -- it's got to be great!" 
18. Because I bought the Sony after buying the Chinese radios, thinking, "Hey, this is one of the few SW/AM/FM radios actually still made in Japan -- it's got to be great!" 
19. Because the Tecsun (PL-660) and Sangean (CL-100) radios I have that are comparable to this Sony are 1) more user-friendly; 2) pick up signals better; 3) have better sound quality (yes, this is subjective, but it's my ears we're talking about); and 4) are cheaper. 
20. You could say it feels German, but they stopped making portable radios long ago...Yet all the forethought and engineering that went into the exterior is just the prelude to what's on the inside. 
21. Both have held up extremely well and I am so happy that I purchased those classic radios before they were discontinued.  
22. FM reception is very good and this compact radio picks up many stations that are otherwise faint or beyond the reach of other, similarly equipped radios. 
23. In case you actually intend to _use_ a solid SWL portable (at home or away), the 7600 will serve you better than what is produced these days.Please do NOT buy one in case you merely want to add it to your unused collection of trophy radios; there are serious SWLers who can make better use of the dwindling stock (manufacture DISCONTINUED!).
24. **Update I ended up purchasing the PL 660 as well as the Sony (for backup, plus I like radios.)Couple of things I've noticed about the Tecsun:-The tuning wheel is nice but the novelty quickly wears off. 
25. I add these comments because the two models have been perhaps the most popular portable multi-band radios over the years, so comparing them is only natural.  
26. Being a ham, I have owned lots of radios and this one has high end features and out-performs many radios that cost several times the price.The one big drawback of this radio is that the speaker/sound is sub-par, but with headphones or using the line out to a good sound system this becomes a non issue. 
27. Being a ham, I have owned lots of radios and this one has high end features and out-performs many radios that cost several times the price.The one big drawback of this radio is that the speaker/sound is sub-par, but with headphones or using the line out to a good sound system this becomes a non issue. 
28. This product comes as a refinement of a long line of shortwave radios from Sony.  
29. I'm one of those people, and believe me, it was a dumb move.The radio performs adequately--not great, but it does what radios do. 
30. I have owned half a dozen compact worldband radios and this one is the best and at a great price. 
31. The radio came perfectly safe and the same day it was suposed to.I liked the price, it was not expensive and the antena that comes with the radio is very useful.I would recommend it to anyone who would like or likes to listen to other countries radios.I was able to listen to a chinese radio and I'm from Uruguay!
32. Using the radio for storing stations and frequency scanning is not intuitive but read the manual and you may become very proficient using the radios features. 
33. I had one of the older Sony SW radios and this one matched it in performance and quality. 
34. The Sony 7600GR shines most brightly in the realm of true SW portable radios, top of the pyramid. 
35. I have owned 3 Sony SW radios over the years and find them to be the very best SW radios for the money I have ever operated.  
36. Of course the CC's larger speakers provide a room filling sound and offers far superior battery life.This is my pick of smallish radios.  
37. The most impressive technical function for a radios of this size and price, is the Synchronous AM Detector. 
38. I have 3 of them now.I have several SWL radios, from the Drake R8B, to a little Kaito KA1102.I like the size of the SW7600, I like the control layout somewhat. 
39. I got this for my boyfriend and it gets great reception as opposed to all of his other radios. 
40. The Sony ICF-SW7600GR is without doubt one of the best AM/FM/Shortwave radios I have seen. 
41. Suffice it to say that it will do all the things that larger and more expensive radios of similar features will do and then some.  
42. This is the best that Sony currently has to offer (in the past Sony was one of the world's best manufacturers of shortwave radios).  
43. The E5 was slightly better than the Sony on all of the MW and SW stations that I tested them on-The reception improves with the Sony AN-LP1 active antenna, but they are hard to find (get them from Japan via eBay as they have been discontinued)-The external antenna jack is not intended for use with any radios other than a few select Sony radios because it supplies a DC voltage to power the Sony antennas, so it makes it difficult to use other antennas unless you clip them to the whip and forgo use of the external antenna jack-Cannot label the presets with anything other than numbers (no alpha-numeric capability)-The buttons are not backlit, and the display backlighting is not very bright-No signal-strength meterThis radio does not live up to the hype.  
44. The E5 was slightly better than the Sony on all of the MW and SW stations that I tested them on-The reception improves with the Sony AN-LP1 active antenna, but they are hard to find (get them from Japan via eBay as they have been discontinued)-The external antenna jack is not intended for use with any radios other than a few select Sony radios because it supplies a DC voltage to power the Sony antennas, so it makes it difficult to use other antennas unless you clip them to the whip and forgo use of the external antenna jack-Cannot label the presets with anything other than numbers (no alpha-numeric capability)-The buttons are not backlit, and the display backlighting is not very bright-No signal-strength meterThis radio does not live up to the hype.  
45. A study of the Amazon reviews, and others, convinced me that the three best radios out there are the Sangean 909x, the Sony 7600GR, and the Tecsun 660. 
46. Sony seemed to "get this right" more often than other other producers of SW sets (few even offered it).But alas, the famous 2010 (one of my all time favorite SW radios) is gone, the SW-77 is gone, the SW-100 is gone and this year the highly innovative SW-07 has been deleted.The 7600GR is the only remaining Sony with this feature... 
47. bought the receiver to listen to ham bands and swl. radio has bfo which makes tuning ssb and cw great,and tuning  is in 1khz or 5hz increments which makes the selectivity better than most am shortwave radios. i am able to monitor packet psk31 on 40m and 20meters. only fault is no ac adaptor provided. but found a universal one on amazon for cheap. overall very satisfied a great little radio for fm, swl, and casual ham monitoring.
48. I live 40 miles from the popular all news AM radio station, and even thou they broadcast 50,000 watts reception is just below average on all of the other radios I have. 
49. This radio is extremely easy on batteries and, if you use NiMH rechargeables, as I do, your battery costs in the long run will be very, very low.With portable radios, AC adapters, in general, cause more problems than they are worth. 
50. This radio would beat the pants off of my old one, if radios wore pants.
51. I've used everything from expensive HF transceivers to cheap radios in department stores - to listen to news broadcasts near and far.  
52. This thing feels solid as a rock in my hands, the weight is just right, button presses are solid and not flimsy, it's just in a higher class than the Grundig radios.  
53. Having acquired several other SW radios for my collection over the last year or so, all Grundigs (G8, G6, G3, Satellit 800), the first thing I noticed about the Sony is the quality of the construction.  
54. I have one of these fine radios. 
55. This radio is able to pick up stations that some of my other portable radios can not.  
56. The Sony ICF-SW7600 is one of the very few radios made that receives that frequency.  
57. This apparently is the last of the Japanese-made portable shortwave radios, and the last of the Sony shortwave line for sale in the USA. 
58. I added it to my small collection of Shortwave radios after trying others that just didn't meet my needs due to their small size. 

negative sentences : 
1. These radios are still made in Japan today unlike other inferior made in China SW radios on the market. 
2. Many prefer other radios for different usages and use various radios for this reason.ADDENDUM 10/17/08:[...]The above is a pointer to a 2007 review of this radio in comparison to 3 others in its price range by Monitoring Times, a respected communications device magazine (radios, scanners, antennas, etc.)
3. Many prefer other radios for different usages and use various radios for this reason.ADDENDUM 10/17/08:[...]The above is a pointer to a 2007 review of this radio in comparison to 3 others in its price range by Monitoring Times, a respected communications device magazine (radios, scanners, antennas, etc.)
4. Many prefer other radios for different usages and use various radios for this reason.ADDENDUM 10/17/08:[...]The above is a pointer to a 2007 review of this radio in comparison to 3 others in its price range by Monitoring Times, a respected communications device magazine (radios, scanners, antennas, etc.)
5. (The skywave comes in slightly behind the groundwave, or the skywave itself comes in out-of-phase, and causes distortion on other radios which makes an announcer sound as though he/she has a VERY bad cold! 
6. My previous radios picked up the signals beautifully.  
7. Quite possibly, though such radios oftentimes sacrifice some aspect of build quality in favor of more features, newer technology, and similar. 
8. The light function has not proven even margenally useable on these radios ,so I use a small flashlight to read the display in dark conditions. 
9. It actually works and locks on to "iffy" signals very solidly, something radios costing 10x+ as much as the Sony still cannot get right. 
10. Compared to my other radios it EATS batteries at a pretty good rate. 
11. This is a total pain in the neck, and it repeatedly sends me to one of my other SW radios.  
12. If you could afford only two portable shortwave radios, or wanted to limit yourself to only two, I would say these are definitely the two to have.In the end, the primary description of this radio that comes to mind is, "mediocre".  
13. I have compared it with other shortwave radios in my ham shack, and for the price it performs well.  
14. I have many, many portable decentshortwave radios, and this is one of the best.Still, there is one thing that bugs me. 
15. It may be very good for other frequency bands, but for the low frequency it doesn't work as well as much older radios that are not made any more.
16. Also, the variable attenuator controls are extremely excellent compared to the single fixed filters found on some other radios for example. 
17. I get this signal with a couple other sw radios and a couple of CBs also. 
18. I bought this radio with some skepticism since I have owned 3 portable shortwave radios in the past (2 digital, 1 analog) and recall the frustration in receiving SW stations clearly. 
19. To be fair I am not fond of digital radios. 
20. There are many reviews already on this radio, so mine will be short.I like Sony, I've liked all there shortwave radios. 
21. They don't seem to be putting handles on portable radios any more. 
22. I've had many short wave radios over the years. 
23. But for me, after using both radios regularly and doing numerous head-to-head comparisons over about 6 weeks, the Sony is the hands-down winner. 
24. In my opinion this radio is much better then most of the newer radios presently being manufactured in China. 
25. While the Sangean has more bells and whistles, and costs an additional hundred dollars - yet the Sony has far better reception.These radios WILL become classics. 
26. These two radios are the pinnacle of portable shortwave radio design but are now difficult to find new.  
27. I've been an avid shortwave radio listener since the mid-1960s and have had several radios throughout the years.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : quality, positive Score : 133 and negative Score :-20
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The batteries (not included) last forever (NiMH) and the sound quality is pretty good too. 
2. I like the price, quality, features and compact size of this radio. 
3. Sony started their career making radio's and their engineering team is second to none.The build quality, fit, finish and most of all the sensitivity of the radio couple with their Synchronous detection works like a charm.Every other manufacturer out there is basically copying SONY design and function.Its a shame they are not making their other coveted models anymore, but this might be their last. 
4. So far I am quite impressed with this very high quality am/fm/lw/sw radio which is the cumulative result of Sony research and development over some 25 years. 
5. Sony should certainly have provided a similar quality ac/dc adapter/charger that really works well with this unit (with very low interference noise) right at the time of purchase however. 
6. A good quality ac/dc adaptor is fortunately still available from the universal-radio website for example. 
7. Part of this description is surely based on the very high quality sound of the KA1102 and the relatively tinny sound from the Sony except through a set of reasonable quality earphones. 
8. Part of this description is surely based on the very high quality sound of the KA1102 and the relatively tinny sound from the Sony except through a set of reasonable quality earphones. 
9. Most people interested in SW radio listening don't care a great deal about the quality of the radio's musical sounds very much, whereas those who listen to FM a great deal really want high quality musical sounds with full bass and treble adjustments. 
10. Most people interested in SW radio listening don't care a great deal about the quality of the radio's musical sounds very much, whereas those who listen to FM a great deal really want high quality musical sounds with full bass and treble adjustments. 
11. This is one of the high quality advanced radio available in such a small form factor. 
12. I actually got these radios for some very highly placed friends in Cameroon and they appreciate their quality and their classy looks. 
13. The radio had great sound and the quality especially on AM was wonderful however the antenna for me was not acceptable for how I wanted to use the radio.  
14. Well, I unpacked the Sony SW7600GR and was immediately impressed with it's build quality and somewhat surprised at it's size (smaller than I thought it would be). 
15. The build quality of this radio is excellent. 
16. The bottom line is I would highly recommend this radio for entry level SHORT WAVE LISTENING(SWL) the price is right, and quality is there!
17. It was given the best marks for size, quality, workmanship, user functions, price... everything I was reading seemed to say- best deal out there.This radio is leaps and bounds better than the old analog unit my grandmother had in the storm cellar. 
18. You may want to use headphones for better music quality.The Sync Lock works well and can make it easier to hear weak stations.Cons:The tiny switches on the sides are not all that easy to use.It's hard to fine tune the BFO with such a small dial (but it can be done).Conclusion:You will not find more bang for the buck. 
19. The build quality is excellent and the performance is pretty much as advertised.  
20. I did return mine as I felt the audio quality on the shortwave bands had a "thin" quality which made (for me) listening unpleasant. 
21. I did return mine as I felt the audio quality on the shortwave bands had a "thin" quality which made (for me) listening unpleasant. 
22. As a Ham radio operator I am very satisfied with the quality of this radio and its capabilities.  
23. But with the proliferation of cheap, fairly good quality desktop speakers to connect to, you are spoilt for choice. 
24. The Sony is a high quality receiver with some nice features, but I think it's overpriced.  
25. The talk sound quality is very good and FM music is OK. 
26. The Sony is of far superior quality and has much better reception.  
27. Sound quality is fantastic.  
28. In most cases, the reviews indicated that the Sony was a much better radio for reception quality and its synchrounous detection.I wanted a small portable that has sychronous detection capability. 
29. The radio is NOT made in China and is manufactured in a high tech manufacturing plant located in Japan that has superb quality control (QC)standards. 
30. Always top quality. 
31. After setting up and getting started I was very pleased with the use and quality of reception of this radio!  
32. The owner's manual is very good and well written and organized, a big plus.Having read about quality issues with some of it's competitors, I was very pleased with the fit, finish, and overall quality of this unit. 
33. The owner's manual is very good and well written and organized, a big plus.Having read about quality issues with some of it's competitors, I was very pleased with the fit, finish, and overall quality of this unit. 
34. One very major selling point for me was the fact that it's still made in Japan, which I personally believe is an important factor in the quality issue.For me, the only real drawback to this radio is the lack of a tuning knob, I do actually miss that somewhat. 
35. It has good audio quality but falls short otherwise.
36. I made no attempt to grade all the bells and whistles, but instead, only evaluated a few central characteristics, including build quality, tuning ease, FM music quality, and shortwave and Ham Band sensitivity. 
37. As a check, I used my two Ham transceivers (ICOM 706MkIIG & Kenwood TH F6A) to compare.The Sony 7600GR has a very high build quality, and has reasonable audio for FM music listening. 
38. The stereo audio on FM through a quality set of headphones is excellent.In regards to a comment about the operation of the 7600GR and its ergonomics, the person either didn't read the manual and/or knows very little about shortwave reception.  
39. Seems to be a high quality, lots of features.  
40. I definitely recommend this product for shortwave listening.If you're looking for an all-around sensitive receiver that screams &#34;quality,&#34; I would definitely recommend this receiver to you.
41. I recently bought the Sony ICF-SW7600GR radio and am amazed at the clear reception and high quality speaker in this little package.  
42. The exceptional quality and clear reception translates into a super buy for your money.  
43. The reception is outstanding on all bands and the sound quality is very good as well.I'm not sure how long ago the 7600GR debuted, but its design feels pretty dated now.  
44. Great radio, well made, easy to operate and has a very good sound. the price was reasonable and the quality very good
45. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
46. The sound quality is ideal for shortwave listening (SWL). 
47. The audio from the speaker is of acceptable quality and through good headphones it is quite good.  
48. Sound quality is fair at best but for camping its almost great. 
49. If you are not overly concerned about sound quality, I would highly recommend this radio.Forget to say that the sound quality is excellent through a headphone.
50. If you are not overly concerned about sound quality, I would highly recommend this radio.Forget to say that the sound quality is excellent through a headphone.
51. Quality is first class, except for the 3 plastic jacks on the left side....would like to have seen steel. 
52. The very high build quality, and hefty feel contribute positively to my decision to buy this product as having been one of my better decisions. 
53. I find sound quality from the speaker as adequate to good. 
54. Incredibly, in all this time, no other manufacturer has been able to design a radio even equal to this Sony, much less superior.Its construction quality is absolutely first-rate. 
55. The antenna takes less than one minute to replace.Sound quality is pretty good - great for news/talk, somewhat less so for music on FM. 
56. With care, all this should last you at least a decade or more of high quality useage.If you are still in doubt, I suggest you join the Yahoo group for this radio as they are very friendly and have many many knowledgable members who have a wide background and experience in all the other possible choices so can give you a balanced opinion. 
57. It is high quality. 
58. My husband is really happy for this high quality.High standard and the sound is really clear :)He uses the radio everyday.
59. There are other good receivers on the market like the Tecsun PL-660 (which I'm currently evaluating) and the Grundig G3 (about which I've heard good things), but neither has the long history of being a seriously high quality receiver behind it. 
60. This has been a very high quality radio. 
61. High quality radio and Made in Japan (which, anymore, is an indication of pretty good quality).
62. High quality radio and Made in Japan (which, anymore, is an indication of pretty good quality).
63. The ICF-SW7600 GR fulfills what it promises to be: a high-build quality portable AM/FM Shortwave radio with excellent sensitivity on all bands. 
64. The page memory system is convienient and easy to use.Pros:Build quality, durable, good sound quality, great reception, analog volume control, lightweight, long battery lifeCons:LCD display might not be to everyones tastesI would strongly advise anyone who is considering a portable to check out the SW7600GR. 
65. The page memory system is convienient and easy to use.Pros:Build quality, durable, good sound quality, great reception, analog volume control, lightweight, long battery lifeCons:LCD display might not be to everyones tastesI would strongly advise anyone who is considering a portable to check out the SW7600GR. 
66. Good device.The perfect combination of price and quality.Sony keeps its quality is not Chinese.I bought 5 pieces all work fine.
67. Good device.The perfect combination of price and quality.Sony keeps its quality is not Chinese.I bought 5 pieces all work fine.
68. I am very disappointed with the quality of SW perception. 
69. When you compare the grundig equivalent (YB 400PE) as in "Passport to World band radio" the main difference is sound quality.  
70. I am very happy with my purchase, the price is compatible with the quality of the radio. 
71. It has very good sound quality for its size, not saying it sounds superb just that considering its portable size the sound is very good. 
72. About as good as you can get for the money and very high quality.  
73. This is an excellent shortwave with quality reception on all bands.  
74. I wish the manufacturers would finally wake up and understand that consumers still value high quality made products and are getting sick of that cheap junk made in China. 
75. Here we still have a high quality Made in Japan Sony SW portable that performs flawlessly.  
76. It's a hot seller because we value quality.  
77. It does have some great weak signal capability.It also comes in a high quality case, features a retractable antenna, SW schedule booklet, and amenities in a product that I would not expect in this day and age of cost cutting.A major disadvantage is the local high power AM radio stations in my area cause all sorts of images in the LW band. 
78. Amazon delivers an outstanding opportunity to learn and enjoy shortwave radio with an instrument capable of reception ability, sound quality, and performance engineering.  
79. For the price this is a great radio.Sony quality and performance.Sensitivity is good with the attached antenna and the syncronous detector makes SWL very enjoyable.  
80. Great radio, used daily in the kitchen for 8 years.Only beefs are mentioned in title.Volume control got dirty after about 3-4 years, they could have put an extra dime into a better quality potentiometer.The LCD time is not displayed when the radio is on and tuned to a station, only when 'Off'.Programming presets could be easier and more intuitive.Otherwise great sensitivity and good sound.
81. However, I would be hard pressed to identify a better built radio than the Sony 7600GR in its price class for casual to intermediate shortwave enthusiasts seeking a quality portable receiver solution with SSB support and AM synchronous detection.On a side note for interested buyers, take note that Sony does not package an AC adapter with the 7600GR. 
82. With top quality FM stations, you can hear deep bass, clear mids, and crisp highs.The Standby memory function makes this radio a great travel alarm clock.Shortwave reception has been great for me. 
83. Quality of build is excellent, quality of audio 6/10 and pretty tinny. 
84. Quality of build is excellent, quality of audio 6/10 and pretty tinny. 
85. I have two of these radios,as well as a variety of other models and brands. reception is generally high in quality although I live and work in a very interferance prone environment. 
86. Sound quality is good, construction is rugged, features are second to none in this price range.The only thing stopping me from giving it a 5 are a couple of small useability issues. 
87. The radio is extremely well built, and quality control did a good job. 
88. Using headphones with this radio is almost a necessity, and you will have to look for a pair with a sound quality that meets your needs, as the sound control on the radio is not versatile. 
89. The buttons do not light up when you press the &#34;light&#34; button, only the screen which makes it hard tuning in the dark.Great speaker, I was truly impressed by the sound quality.A little big, won't fit your shirt pocket and its solid (heavy for its size).No batteries supplied with the radio (BYOB).More later as I listen to it more often
90. I wanted to see what all the hype was about while there was still time.The unit is impressive in its build quality.  
91. In my opinion, Sony's own $10 ICF-S10MK2 pocket radio has better audio quality.  
92. And of course, the Sangean has far superior audio quality and, in my opinion, a far more sensible and attractive design, including a tuning wheel.  
93. It is a multi-feature multi-band unit, decent enough for SWLing, but unfortunately having a floppy antenna, poor display window, moderate selectivity, no tuning wheel, and terrible audio quality.  
94. But he did say, he loves it.The sound quality is good, made sturdy.He's a bit disappointed it only has one speaker. ( The other one was half the price, with 2 speakers, left/right).But for the most part, he's happy with it.
95. Quality radio! 
96. -Build quality is good on the 660 but the Sony has the edge for sure.
97. The audio quality of the little speaker on the Sony is not as good as those on the Kaito or the Grundig, however, but if you use earbuds or headphones the issue is moot. 
98. Fit, finish, and construction quality of the 7600GR are excellent as one would expect from electronics produced in Japan, and this is a strong point that separates it from units assembled in China. 
99. It's unclear when it all began - somewhere in the last couple of decades, the quality worldband radio receiver slowly faded away. 
100. Because the Tecsun (PL-660) and Sangean (CL-100) radios I have that are comparable to this Sony are 1) more user-friendly; 2) pick up signals better; 3) have better sound quality (yes, this is subjective, but it's my ears we're talking about); and 4) are cheaper. 
101. As for sound quality, I just prefer the Tecsun (and Sangean) -- they don't sound "tinny" to my ears, and I'm talking about all bands and types (talk/music/etc.). 
102. Again, long-term build quality is the only unknown.
103. It took me several days to find oversea broadcast in China. (2) The voice quality seems to be okay and the frequencies are locked. 
104. But, afterall it is shortwave radio quality. 

negative sentences : 
1. Sony's quality is terrible.  
2. If it were not for the excellent reception and build quality I would give it a 3 star rating.
3. Even though AM/FM music quality through the speaker is of ordinary quality, I would recommend this portable world band radio to anyone interested in a high tech radio at a reasonable price.
4. However, the build quality is much worse than I expected. 
5. It has the build quality of a cheap, throwaway Sony Walkman and is not remotely comparable to the ICF-2010 in build quality or in any other respect.I bought an AC transformer on eBay but only got about 6 months use from it before the AC input jack stopped working. 
6. It has the build quality of a cheap, throwaway Sony Walkman and is not remotely comparable to the ICF-2010 in build quality or in any other respect.I bought an AC transformer on eBay but only got about 6 months use from it before the AC input jack stopped working. 
7. The only station I could receive on this was our local FM station and it had poor sound quality from the small speaker.  
8. I do not use the speaker, but sound quality is good when using headphones.  
9. Quite possibly, though such radios oftentimes sacrifice some aspect of build quality in favor of more features, newer technology, and similar. 
10. This helps you with those pesky neighbouring stations.If it is on the Lower freq. choose USB and vice versa.The audio quality is a little inferior to the YB400. 
11. Super quality, researched many competitors, but in the end if you don't go with this Sony, your probably won't be satisfied.  
12. Sound quality is pretty bad. 
13. There is only a minimal control over sound quality: a small switch labeled News/Music. 
14. But my main issue is with the audio quality - thin, cheap, and tinny, like an old transistor radio.  
15. Search B00003IEMECharger for NiMH AA's: definitely get the affordable B00077AA5Q (quality)Batteries: go for Sanyo NiMH 2700mAh B000IV413S
16. Night light should stay on all the time if plugged in.Speaker/sound quality - not so hot - use headphones for short wave.Be sure to get the 6vDC adapter for day-to-day desktop use.Digital tuner is ultra-fine - means lots of button pushing to move through the bands.Scanning function ONLY works in one bank (of 10 banks of 10 memories) saved memories - NOT just looking for stations in any band.Actually, it only has two bands:AM - tunes continuously from 150KHz to 30MHz (including SSB.)FM - 88-108MHz only.Could use NOAA weather (162-165MHz,) and Air (108-135MHz) might be nice.EASY (too easy) to switch between AM & FM.On/Off button right where you grab it to pick it up.More tuning functions on both edges of unit.Unfortunately, volume is jus another black dial along there somewhere.Just wonder if the engineers tried to actually use this thing, or added controls where they would fit.KEEP THE MANUAL HANDY!  
17. I was not  not disappointed. it reception is excellent an sound quality superb. i would recommend this product any daywo

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : stations, positive Score : 128 and negative Score :-29
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. It has a great scan feature, and if you set the ATT threshold correctly, you'll get mostly real stations and a few birdies. 
2. First, I put the 10 best FM stations on Page 1, and the 10 best AM stations on Page 2. 
3. First, I put the 10 best FM stations on Page 1, and the 10 best AM stations on Page 2. 
4. I found on the web the bands that are good at night and day, and began scanning them and writing down strong stations. 
5. Page 4 will be for morning and daytime stations, but there are so few strong daytime English stations that there will be only a few presets on that page.I am disppointed that so many of the strong English SW stations seem to be religious (bible) broadcasts. 
6. Page 4 will be for morning and daytime stations, but there are so few strong daytime English stations that there will be only a few presets on that page.I am disppointed that so many of the strong English SW stations seem to be religious (bible) broadcasts. 
7. Page 4 will be for morning and daytime stations, but there are so few strong daytime English stations that there will be only a few presets on that page.I am disppointed that so many of the strong English SW stations seem to be religious (bible) broadcasts. 
8. As my old Radio Shack cassette shortwave radio died, I wrote a letter to Santa and lo and behold I found the Sony under the tree Xmas morning.The radio has some nice features like full world band coverage, stereo FM with headphones, nice compact size, good ergonomics, fine memory system, synchronous detector (locks in on stations--a great feature), and ability to handle ham radio broadcasts.I like the radio very much.  
9. To be honest it picks up the FM and commercial AM stations better than the TECSUN PL660 but that's it.My biggest annoyance with this Sony is the scan feature. 
10. If you want a very expensive radio receiver with horrible sound to pick up your local FM/AM stations then sure buy this, otherwise keep shopping.
11. I bought so I could listen to the ham bands, CW and SSB and distant AM stations. 
12. After hooking up to an antenna using telephone wires, around the side of the garage, and learning to play with the bfo and att, I got stations from japan, south america, china, cuba, canada and a bbc station off asuncion island. 
13. With only the built in roughly 3 foot antenna, I was able to tune in quite a few SW stations very clearly and many more with lesser signal to noise but still clear enough to listen to with ease. 
14. I can get all of the stations I was able to get during my walks with good signal, but the longer bandwiths (lower frequencies) are noisier than during my walks. 
15. The built in attenuator is very handy for cutting down the signal on strong stations and can be shut off entirely for weeker station reception.  
16. Did not pick up clearly stations that were crystal clear on the car radio. 
17. I assume a better antenna-probably an active(powered)will do better and pull in farther stations(Europe,Asia-etc.)but maybe getting outdoors away from awnings,gutters,high tension wires will improve the preformance.Time will tell!!
18. I need to try this radio outside away from the high tension wires and metal awnings and gutters and home electronics to see if that helps with shortwave more.But I'm satisfied with the features even for casual listning.I'm pulling in a ton of FM stations that I've never heard of before-so we'll see?
19. This is a small, but not tiny radio, that can bring in lots of radio stations clearly, especially with an external antenna. 
20. It has good "pull-in" power for many shortwave stations even with the supplied antenna. 
21. I hooked up a long wire antenna to the jack and can receive many stations clearly. 
22. The radio is dubbed World Band Receiver but mine is only able to tune in local FM stations! 
23. I'll take analogueany day just to get a simple dial to turn the stations with. 
24. You may want to use headphones for better music quality.The Sync Lock works well and can make it easier to hear weak stations.Cons:The tiny switches on the sides are not all that easy to use.It's hard to fine tune the BFO with such a small dial (but it can be done).Conclusion:You will not find more bang for the buck. 
25. I have used it for local AM and FM as well as getting SW stations across several bands. 
26. I have been able to pick up stations from Havana Cuba, Cairo, Egypt, Rome, Italy, Iran and countless others during the evening hours from the Mid-Atlantic area.The supplied shortwave station guide is helpful but outdated.  
27. The E5 was slightly better than the Sony on all of the MW and SW stations that I tested them on-The reception improves with the Sony AN-LP1 active antenna, but they are hard to find (get them from Japan via eBay as they have been discontinued)-The external antenna jack is not intended for use with any radios other than a few select Sony radios because it supplies a DC voltage to power the Sony antennas, so it makes it difficult to use other antennas unless you clip them to the whip and forgo use of the external antenna jack-Cannot label the presets with anything other than numbers (no alpha-numeric capability)-The buttons are not backlit, and the display backlighting is not very bright-No signal-strength meterThis radio does not live up to the hype.  
28. The digital scan method used here is veg and does not lock on very well so the result is not many stations are picked up.  
29. It's very sensitive on shortwave and along with the sync feature, it really makes listening to less-powered stations from around the globe a pleasant affair.Using the included antenna reel helps, although not really necessary. 
30. Once you have experienced the ability of Synch Detection to dig out and lock-in weak stations and reduce adjacent station interference you will never buy another shortwave radio without it.  
31. maybe just my area but I cant get any distant stations at all. that was my reason for buying it.
32. Only a few stations come in clear, others have interference from nearby stations, or can only be heard if the radio and antenna are held in a specific direction. 
33. Only a few stations come in clear, others have interference from nearby stations, or can only be heard if the radio and antenna are held in a specific direction. 
34. It comes with two freebies that are not listed on the Sony website or on Amazon:  A booklet listing popular radio stations to listen too from around the world.  
35. This radio is able to pick up stations that some of my other portable radios can not.  
36. Living in the midwestern United States in the garden level of an apartment, I figured that I wouldn't have the best of luck picking up stations from around the world. 
37. I should add that it comes with a great book on SW stations world wide. 
38. I came across a thread on a messageboard describing the "Conet Project" which is basically a CD collection of various "numbers stations" that have been collected through listening to shortwave radio.  
39. I've received HAM radio communcations, BBC with excellent clarity, FM stations that I normally cannot pick up here, AM stations from my hometown that are weak, and quite a few of these treasured "numbers stations" that got me so interested in the first place.I'll be honest, I haven't tested another radio, so I have little to compare to.  
40. I've received HAM radio communcations, BBC with excellent clarity, FM stations that I normally cannot pick up here, AM stations from my hometown that are weak, and quite a few of these treasured "numbers stations" that got me so interested in the first place.I'll be honest, I haven't tested another radio, so I have little to compare to.  
41. This portion of the band can be  used for emergency broadcasting and can receive the audio portion of some TV stations.There is, also a longwave band, a standard broadcast band and 14 shortwave bands all of which can be scanned so that looking for a station is fast and easy.  
42. The compact wire antenna that comes with the radio is very helpful at bringing in distant stations. 
43. Single sideband stations can also be received.There is also a clock that can show Universal Coordinated Time (or the time in any other part of the world) and local time. 
44. It has synchronous detection available to lock in weak stations that suffer from fading or interference from adjacent channels. 
45. I am able to tune in even faint stations with acceptable audio from the little speaker.  
46. Of course the booming powerhouse shortwave stations sound great.  
47. After about 2 hours, maybe only was able to get 3 stations. 
48. The Kaito 1103 is a superior radio because of these features and matches the performance of the Sony except maybe for bringing in distant AM stations. 
49. I am able to tune my favourite FM and AM stations, which I had difficulty receiving on my Grundig 4000A and my Sangean SG- 622. 
50. Works great on the commercial AM and FM stations but as a short wave receiver it is horrible. 
51. I use ear buds most of the time, listening for distant stations.Happy tuning DXers of the world !
52. The circuit also works on the AM band and eliminates selective fading distortion, commonly heard around dawn, dusk, or evenings when listening to distant stations. 
53. Local stations come in, as expected, extremely well, both day and night (especially with use of the synchronous circuit) but what is unexpected is how well this relatively small radio receives long distance stations. 
54. Local stations come in, as expected, extremely well, both day and night (especially with use of the synchronous circuit) but what is unexpected is how well this relatively small radio receives long distance stations. 
55. The included spooled shortwave antenna allows reception of distant shortwave stations. 
56. It works fine.Good accuracy and precision to listen stations.Good antena also.I'm happy about this shop, worth it
57. Also able to get crystal clear reception on local and regional AM stations and FM stations.The speaker isn't going to blow you away, but you get much better sound after plugging in your stereo-capable earphones.Battery life is superb and there's an easy Sleep Timer near the power button (one touch setting). 
58. Also able to get crystal clear reception on local and regional AM stations and FM stations.The speaker isn't going to blow you away, but you get much better sound after plugging in your stereo-capable earphones.Battery life is superb and there's an easy Sleep Timer near the power button (one touch setting). 
59. AM reception is excellent and it picks up the shortwave stations very well.
60. Overall I highly recommend this radio if you want to tune into exotic and far-away radio stations.  
61. There is a station select programming function - very nice, tunes in your favorite stations with the touch of a button. 
62. Otherwise, for the very local stations, it is fine.
63. And, the slight but noticeable delay between pushing the up or down frequency button and when it really locks on and you get sound againHad this radio been really sensitive and really pulled in the distant stations or really done a great job on SW-SSB i would have forced myself to deal with the controls.  
64. I can receive mainly Chineses stations and Australian national radio and a couple of American missionary stations in the few hours after 1am to 6am , without the external antenna. 
65. I can receive mainly Chineses stations and Australian national radio and a couple of American missionary stations in the few hours after 1am to 6am , without the external antenna. 
66. It will make your radio stop constantly as it finds new stations.  
67. The sound from the little speaker is more than adequate and with headphones fantastic with stereo on FM stations. 
68. I was able to tune in quite a few stations using the telescoping antenna alone, when you connect the included external wire antenna the reception improves dramatically, even if you just run it a few feet and clip it to the curtains on a nearby window.I did a lot of research on this before purchasing. 
69. It does have some great weak signal capability.It also comes in a high quality case, features a retractable antenna, SW schedule booklet, and amenities in a product that I would not expect in this day and age of cost cutting.A major disadvantage is the local high power AM radio stations in my area cause all sorts of images in the LW band. 
70. They designed it so you can enter the frequencies of ten world broadcast stations, each in its own memory bank, and then scan it to see what channel is stronger. 
71. Powerful local stations will slop over 10-20 khz.  
72. The sync lock feature works like a charm and is able to dig many weak stations out of the mud and make them audible.  
73. It would be nice if Sony would continue such design upgrades to the 7600 series, though it is unlikely additional 7600 variants will be offered any time soon; if ever.The lack of rotary-based tuning input can be somewhat disconcerting at first, but the feeling usually goes away after awhile, especially if you have a selection of favorite stations that can either be saved to presets or directly entered via the numeric keypad. 
74. It also helps tremendously in focusing on weak stations that may be overpowered by stronger signals.The headphone output on this radio is phenomenal.  
75. With top quality FM stations, you can hear deep bass, clear mids, and crisp highs.The Standby memory function makes this radio a great travel alarm clock.Shortwave reception has been great for me. 
76. I've been able to find lots of interesting stations from around the world.Presets are easy to use once you get the hang of it.Batteries last a ridiculously long time.Rugged and reliable. 
77. I run a 70ft. outside antenna to both of my shortwave radios when I want a good strong signal from weak stations.  
78. This was definitely OVERKILL for my needs.I have been very disappointed with the reception of this radio for simple AM & FM stations in my area.  
79. The radio fades in-and-out on all but very, very local FM stations. 
80. I cannot reach any FM stations further than about 10 miles while my other very small transistor has been much more successful in reaching those same stations at about 1/4 of the price of this unit.I have always been happy with all of my Sony products until now.
81. I cannot reach any FM stations further than about 10 miles while my other very small transistor has been much more successful in reaching those same stations at about 1/4 of the price of this unit.I have always been happy with all of my Sony products until now.
82. Having said that, I have not been using it for specialist work - mainly pleasure listening of SW broadcasts from the main International Broadcasters ( eg BBC World Service, Deutche Welle) and local FM stations.
83. This AM mode feature would LOWER the distortion due to fading from weak receptions and EXTRACT the adjacent broadcast stations to get a clear/better reception, using the SYNC mode and either LSB/USB switch.EX: I am listening to Voice of Vietnam at 6175 kHz, using a Kaito KA2100 or the Mini Kaito KA11. 
84. Sometimes I'd get a clear reception, but most of the time I have a mixing reception with beats, and the 2 adjacent stations are the Radio Netherland at 6165 kHz and the Radio Havanna Cuba at 6180 kHz.  
85. These 2 stations are so strong to interfere the reception of the Voice of Vietnam station even if they are not tuned in on the display, and even if I use PLL tuning (no drifting). 
86. I was disappointed in the reception of this radio, I have a regular boombox type radio with a shorter antenna that picks up FM stations better. 
87. Couldn't tune in anything but a few local FM stations. 
88. I get a lot of the weak stations, and without static.The  sync lock also helps in areas with heavy interference. 
89. The attenuation control for the antenna input level is very useful if using the scanning mode; especially when local AM, FM, and TV stations plus other RF sources are producing RF overloading. 
90. It has past my performance tests in that I can pull in SW and AM stations that are not audible on the equvilant Grundig and Sangean models. 
91. FM reception is very good and this compact radio picks up many stations that are otherwise faint or beyond the reach of other, similarly equipped radios. 
92. AM sensitivity and selectivity are also quite good, so the 7600GR is capable of picking out faint stations without the interference of other nearby signals. 
93. I can't believe how good this radio picks up the stations, I work in areas where reception is hard to get, picks up am stations great, only if they would have put a better speaker.Great buy for the money.
94. No, it doesn't have SSB, but if you're using it for AM/FM/SW (no SSB), it's just as good at pulling in stations, a bit easier and more intuitive in terms of the user interface, and about 1/3 the size. 
95. this little radio picks up a lot of FM stations...I picked up Havana Cuba and a French speaking SW station the first time I tried to get shortwave radio and I live in Midwest USA, and down in a valley with some big hills around me.  

negative sentences : 
1. I must be in a bad area for reception because I can't get any far off (over 50 miles) AM/short wave stations and even the local AM chanels aren't very clear. 
2. In addition to more stations I got more noise too. 
3. However, when I could tune one in, I enjoyed listening in on distance stations from other countries, hearing their news or sometimes hearing their perspective of U.S. news. 
4. I started filling the presets with interesting channels and might have been able to fill most of the 100 presets if I programmed them with all of the different stations I could pick up. 
5. Actually, many stations also broadcast online. 
6. You could hear it kick in, but it did not improve the reception of the stations at all-The synchronous detector switch, along with the SSB USB/LSB switches, are on the side of the unit and difficult to maneuver without turning the radio sideways to look straight at them.  
7. In comparison with this, the Sangean is a much better piece of equipment, EXCEPT that its ability to pull in short wave and Ham stations is amazingly weak! 
8. In Alaska we have  low frequency weather aviation weather stations.  
9. There is no problem picking commercial shortwave radio stations in China, India, Russia,VOA....
10. Pulls in stations like a champ, very portable, and well made. 
11. I am able to pick up short wave radio stations from around the world as well as all the local stations. 
12. I am able to pick up short wave radio stations from around the world as well as all the local stations. 
13. Many religious stations have popped up along withsome newly dominant Asian broadcasters.As a side note to this review, this receiver can also be used as a fairly accurate frequency counter.Maybe I need to get out a lot more, but nearly everything I use to pursue amateur radio has either inaccurateanalog tuning or dubious digital tuning without reliable accuracy. 
14. Other stations from around the country do so likewise. 
15. I pickup some interesting shortwave radio stations with it as I am new to it. 
16. I pick up a lot of regional AM stations that I never picked up before.
17. I'm able to DX many low power stations with just the whip many times. 
18. My intent was to replace my Sangean 909 ATS which has been showing signs of not being as sensitive to DX and SW-SSB stations.  
19. As with any portable, if you want more stations on shortwave, use a better antenna.  
20. It was exciting tuning in radio stations out in the middle of the Atlantic ocean.
21. If you order this radio, Be advised that the AC adapter is not included, if you read the discription you are lead to believe that the AC adapter is included. 1st impressions with the receiver, it appears to be fairly easy to operate, I immediately began using without referencing the manual, and was finding short wave stations almost immediately, only knock, is it is a bit overpriced.
22. This helps you with those pesky neighbouring stations.If it is on the Lower freq. choose USB and vice versa.The audio quality is a little inferior to the YB400. 
23. The radio has great sensitivity and selectivity to bring in hard to reach shortwave radio stations. 
24. Though I've not recorded the actual time I can play before recharging becomes necessary, my sense is that it's around 20 hours.From my backyard on Long Island, New York, using the the radio's whip antenna, unaided, I have received stations from halfway around the world (New Zealand, Australia, Vietnam) as well as the Middle East (Egypt, UAR) and Europe.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : reception, positive Score : 165 and negative Score :-32
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. This radio has super sensitive reception. 
2. --Comes with a handy case/bag and an extended antenna you can hook up to the window, which I think is a must for people in tough reception spots.
3. Simplicity makes for easy operation, though.FM reception is respectable (much better than the veryexpensive big brother the Sony ICF-SW77).  
4. Nice design, reception is decent in the rooms with the window, but if you take it inside the bathroom or office then reception deteriorates.Setup is not very intuitive, so you will have to read the thick manual.Lacks AC adapter
5. I got this for my boyfriend and it gets great reception as opposed to all of his other radios. 
6. I don't know if this was a fluke, (three different nights now, same results) or what, but so far, I am very pleased.Again, I know that reception can vary considerably depending on seasons, time of day, atmospheric conditions, solar activity and location (inside/outside, type of building or environment, inner city, "out in the sticks", etc.) and I was probably receiving during the best of these conditions. 
7. I mainly listen to AM & FM band radio, and the reception on this little radio is awful.  
8. I have been very happy ever since.The Sony SW7600GR has wonderful reception.  
9. I have hooked up an outdoor wire antenna also, which helps greatly with more faint reception.  
10. I find this radio to provide better AM and FM reception than my CC Radio.  
11. She listens to it in South America and gets very good reception. 
12. The AM reception is excellent. 
13. And I don't think I've ever had better FM reception.For SSB it has a BFO which I much prefer over IM tuning.I've fallen asleep with it on a few times and the batteries have not suffered much (the Grundig was a battery eater).I think the speaker is perfectly designed for listening to short wave broadcasts. 
14. Very good reception.  
15. Still, the tuning knob is unquestionably the best band scanning device.AM reception and FM reception, for me, are slightly better on the Sony, though the difference is slight. 
16. Still, the tuning knob is unquestionably the best band scanning device.AM reception and FM reception, for me, are slightly better on the Sony, though the difference is slight. 
17. AM reception is really powerful on mine.
18. It is easy to use and the reception was generally good. 
19. The topper though is the Kato has better reception. 
20. Very useful when signals are too strong.- Audio line-out jack (see below).- Single side band (SSB) reception.  
21. Required for listening to HAM operators and certain other signals.- Dual clocks.- Display is recessed to reduce damage/scratches.- Included clip-on reel antenna really helps reception.Not-so-good things:- The audio.  
22. It generally sounds muffled on shortwave broadcasts and just "okay" for regular AM/FM reception.  
23. Reception is clear and strong, even without the supplied wire antenna.  
24. The Sony is of far superior quality and has much better reception.  
25. I also get great reception with the built in telescoping antenna and also with a Degen brand powered tuned antenna. 
26. I purchased this for my dad and we had to return because out in the sticks he could not get any reception, even the AM was crap compared to his regular stereo, so we exchanged it for C Crane CSW and that got him better reception..
27. In most cases, the reviews indicated that the Sony was a much better radio for reception quality and its synchrounous detection.I wanted a small portable that has sychronous detection capability. 
28. The E5 was slightly better than the Sony on all of the MW and SW stations that I tested them on-The reception improves with the Sony AN-LP1 active antenna, but they are hard to find (get them from Japan via eBay as they have been discontinued)-The external antenna jack is not intended for use with any radios other than a few select Sony radios because it supplies a DC voltage to power the Sony antennas, so it makes it difficult to use other antennas unless you clip them to the whip and forgo use of the external antenna jack-Cannot label the presets with anything other than numbers (no alpha-numeric capability)-The buttons are not backlit, and the display backlighting is not very bright-No signal-strength meterThis radio does not live up to the hype.  
29. The only setback, is it is obvious that I will need an AM loop for AM reception, but what a minor deal!
30. It has great reception, especially with the synchronous lock feature, and it's very easy to use. 
31. The backlight for the LCD screen could be a bit brighter, but it's not bad.I would highly recommend this radio to someone looking for a nice, compact portable, that has great reception, good sound, and is very well made. 
32. Great lttle radio. clear reception. lots of features.It came with an external reel or cable antenna in addition to the telescoping rigid one attached to the radio.Unfortunately Amazon had suggested the purchase of another, almost identicle antenna which I bought Since Sony included their own, I now have two :(I wish Sony would have included an AC adapter, (I would have paid a lttle more to get it all in one package, but its not the end of the world.)Those are the only two reasons I didn't give this a five star rating.
33. And it's got better than average reception of FM to boot.Did I tell you that this radio smacks of quality construction too? 
34. Great radio and really does have good reception. 
35. The stereo audio on FM through a quality set of headphones is excellent.In regards to a comment about the operation of the 7600GR and its ergonomics, the person either didn't read the manual and/or knows very little about shortwave reception.  
36. I could not believe how bad the FM reception is. 
37. My Radio Shack clock radio, Tivoli Audio, and any car radio have better reception! 
38. Shortwave reception, as opposed to what some others have said, does not seem too insensitive to weak signals. 
39. I recently bought the Sony ICF-SW7600GR radio and am amazed at the clear reception and high quality speaker in this little package.  
40. The exceptional quality and clear reception translates into a super buy for your money.  
41. The reception is outstanding on all bands and the sound quality is very good as well.I'm not sure how long ago the 7600GR debuted, but its design feels pretty dated now.  
42. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
43. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
44. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
45. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
46. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
47. The FM reception is adequate+. 
48. AM(MW) reception is great. 
49. It also comes with a wire antenna extension which greatly improves reception of distant signals. 
50. I have purchased this, a small Sony AM/FM/WB analog radio, a GE superradio, and a kaito 1103, all over the last year or so, for use throughout my home, garage, and to take with us on camping trips, etc.I have to say that the quality of this unit is by fat the best, and for out of the box DX reception, this has been the winner.While the kaito tuner is kind of slick in an old fashioned sort of way, and the GE has good strong reception and good sound, and my little sony is nice for weather, etc.  
51. Once proper tuning is learned, the reception is good and even the audio is improved.  
52. I use a clip on long wire antenna to improve reception.  
53. Excellent RadioExcellent Radio for SW reception; very selective, also has good sound fidelity in FM band. 
54. Reception wise, the radio works OK.  
55. The radio gets GREAT reception.  
56. On AM and Shortwave, reception is quite sensitive, and with the sync detector, the fact that only one bandwith is provided is not a large handicap (many sets have two bandwidths available).FM reception is good but not up to the level provided by the Eton E-5, Kaito 1103 or even the Kaito 1102. 
57. On AM and Shortwave, reception is quite sensitive, and with the sync detector, the fact that only one bandwith is provided is not a large handicap (many sets have two bandwidths available).FM reception is good but not up to the level provided by the Eton E-5, Kaito 1103 or even the Kaito 1102. 
58. I know Radio Australia uses a lot of power but this is miraculous.Longwave reception was also pretty remarkable. 
59. Good radio-bit complicated-reception is fair would recommned external antenna for better reception.  
60. For price would have expected better reception and or better antenna options
61. Wish reception was a little better and the scan feature wouldn't stop scanning after going through the 10 presets, and the tuning is a little hard to get used to after using a knob for so long, but so far, it seems to be a great little radio for its size. 
62. (Please note that the two books mentioned above introduce new editions each year; you can check for them here on Amazon.)This receiver contains just the controls necessary to bring in signals clearly, thereby eliminating much complication that can cause difficulty in use.Its main claim to shortwave fame, in addition to its overall superb design, is its inclusion of a synchronous detection circuit (as well as full single sideband [SSB] reception), available on no other currently available new receiver in its size- and/or price-class. 
63. Currently this antenna is being sold ONLY by an eB@y dealer in Japan (just Google "Buyfromjapan" and then enter "AN-LP1" in his search box) -- but he is absolutely reliable and FAST - you'll have your antenna in less than a week by Express Mail - and he takes the usual major credit cards as well as PayPal.I believe that using an AN-LP1 with an ICF-SW7600GR results in an almost "perfect" portable shortwave reception center.
64. Reception is good, and I have been able to pick up a number of stations around the globe very easily (bear in mind this is short wave radio we are talking about, don't expect the same type of reception you get from FM!). 
65. Reception is good, and I have been able to pick up a number of stations around the globe very easily (bear in mind this is short wave radio we are talking about, don't expect the same type of reception you get from FM!). 
66. A compact radio with excellent reception characteristics. 
67. The included spooled shortwave antenna allows reception of distant shortwave stations. 
68. Also able to get crystal clear reception on local and regional AM stations and FM stations.The speaker isn't going to blow you away, but you get much better sound after plugging in your stereo-capable earphones.Battery life is superb and there's an easy Sleep Timer near the power button (one touch setting). 
69. I've had a good time exploring the shortband radio waves, it comes with a great booklet on reception depending on location and time very useful.  
70. AM reception is excellent and it picks up the shortwave stations very well.
71. For FM reception locally you can't beat it. 
72. This radio has pretty wide reception---much wider than the typical SW areas. 
73. The page memory system is convienient and easy to use.Pros:Build quality, durable, good sound quality, great reception, analog volume control, lightweight, long battery lifeCons:LCD display might not be to everyones tastesI would strongly advise anyone who is considering a portable to check out the SW7600GR. 
74. Excellent reception, including shortwave. 
75. Shortwave reception is strongly affected by atmospheric conditions but the radio has sideband tuning capability as well as a signal lock-on function which allows you to compensate for electromagnetic disturbances generated by sunlight. 
76. The reception on AM and FM is less than average compared with another average radio's reception. 
77. AM reception is average comparable to other radios. 
78. But I feel that what is the need of better acoustics if you can't get adequate reception.  
79. The reception is excellent on all bands. 
80. I was able to tune in quite a few stations using the telescoping antenna alone, when you connect the included external wire antenna the reception improves dramatically, even if you just run it a few feet and clip it to the curtains on a nearby window.I did a lot of research on this before purchasing. 
81. However, I do listen to NPR hours a day and it makes for a great (albeit pricey) small radio- the reception is the best I've found (and I have a lot of radios!).  
82. I will be happy if this one continues for another 25 years.I somehow doubt that the case will look as good, but I will just have to live with that.Reception seems about the same, other than the synchronous detector cleans stuff up better when the signal is appropriately strong.Oh, and the curved tuning buttons -- after using it a bit, I decided that it may look like just a marketing thing, but in reality, it probably is better.Of course, the SW bands are a lot less lively than 25 years ago, but I can't blame that on the radio.
83. This is an excellent shortwave with quality reception on all bands.  
84. Amazon delivers an outstanding opportunity to learn and enjoy shortwave radio with an instrument capable of reception ability, sound quality, and performance engineering.  
85. I believe this radio is no longer in production but it is still possible to buy one.Reception has great sensitivity including the MW bands.  
86. This is a solid radio with good AM and SW reception and compares well with my Grundig YB400PE. 
87. There are numerous  pre-set button: perhaps too many and the novice user is at a loss when first using them.Reception signal is OK and Speaker is OK but the technology of both is no better that what was offered ten years ago by grundig for the same money.It's a fine shortwave for the money, if you pay no more than $100-$120.
88. Sensitivity and selectivity are acceptable for the size and class of the radio, plus the variable attenuator has proven useful with the radio connected to an outdoor longwire antenna for HF reception or passively coupled to a tuneable mediumwave loop like the Kaito AN-200.I modified the sync circuit with superb results, with the synchronous detector finally proving its viability in both seek and hold operations for improved faint and overlapping signal reception scenarios. 
89. Sensitivity and selectivity are acceptable for the size and class of the radio, plus the variable attenuator has proven useful with the radio connected to an outdoor longwire antenna for HF reception or passively coupled to a tuneable mediumwave loop like the Kaito AN-200.I modified the sync circuit with superb results, with the synchronous detector finally proving its viability in both seek and hold operations for improved faint and overlapping signal reception scenarios. 
90. With top quality FM stations, you can hear deep bass, clear mids, and crisp highs.The Standby memory function makes this radio a great travel alarm clock.Shortwave reception has been great for me. 
91. The unit has good reception.  
92. This was definitely OVERKILL for my needs.I have been very disappointed with the reception of this radio for simple AM & FM stations in my area.  
93. I have two of these radios,as well as a variety of other models and brands. reception is generally high in quality although I live and work in a very interferance prone environment. 
94. I bought this for my 20 year-old grandson Mark for Christmas and he had no trouble getting it to work, the reception is great and he is using it every day.  
95. I travel considerably in areas where international reception of news is difficult.  
96. And to get REALLY good SW reception you need to get one of the accessory AN-LP1 active antennas, which are no longer available in the US (oops again). 
97. This AM mode feature would LOWER the distortion due to fading from weak receptions and EXTRACT the adjacent broadcast stations to get a clear/better reception, using the SYNC mode and either LSB/USB switch.EX: I am listening to Voice of Vietnam at 6175 kHz, using a Kaito KA2100 or the Mini Kaito KA11. 
98. Sometimes I'd get a clear reception, but most of the time I have a mixing reception with beats, and the 2 adjacent stations are the Radio Netherland at 6165 kHz and the Radio Havanna Cuba at 6180 kHz.  
99. These 2 stations are so strong to interfere the reception of the Voice of Vietnam station even if they are not tuned in on the display, and even if I use PLL tuning (no drifting). 
100. My search is finally over for a radio with perfect A.M. reception. 
101. Very good battery life and great reception.  
102. All I can say for the Sony is that it seems to have reception equal to Eton. 
103. My observations regarding the radio's performance are from this journey.SENSITIVITY:Rural reception; very quiet man-made RF overload environments will  challenge the external antenna possibilities, especially, when atmospheric noise contributions are very low.Urban reception; very high RF overload environments (Tegucigalpa and even some locations here in La Esperanza, Honduras) reception of weak signals isimpossible. 
104. My observations regarding the radio's performance are from this journey.SENSITIVITY:Rural reception; very quiet man-made RF overload environments will  challenge the external antenna possibilities, especially, when atmospheric noise contributions are very low.Urban reception; very high RF overload environments (Tegucigalpa and even some locations here in La Esperanza, Honduras) reception of weak signals isimpossible. 
105. My observations regarding the radio's performance are from this journey.SENSITIVITY:Rural reception; very quiet man-made RF overload environments will  challenge the external antenna possibilities, especially, when atmospheric noise contributions are very low.Urban reception; very high RF overload environments (Tegucigalpa and even some locations here in La Esperanza, Honduras) reception of weak signals isimpossible. 
106. Good sensitivity is demonstrated by the harmonics that are received form nearby TV receiver horizontal sweep oscillators (15,750 Hz).SELECTIVITY: By compromising signal strength, ie. tuning, and beat frequency oscillator factors when using single side band modes to reduce adjacent frequency interference for AM signal reception; selectivity is adequate and improved.ERGONOMICS: Multiple use functions for some buttons increases the learning curve, especially in the dark. 
107. It's reception is clear, tuning precise, volume as expected. 
108. FM reception is very good and this compact radio picks up many stations that are otherwise faint or beyond the reach of other, similarly equipped radios. 
109. SW and SSB reception are very good, as well. 
110. As compared to my Kaito KA1103 and Grundig YB 400PE, the Sony's reception is clearly superior on all bands, despite the strong performance of the Grundig and especially the Kaito. 
111. The AM reception is simply amazing.FM radio of course always comes in perfectly and sounds great.Shortwave reception is wonderful, and you get SSB all for under $150.I wouldn't even compare this radio to any others in the $200 price range.Look to spend a bit more on other brands if you're looking for this quality.
112. The AM reception is simply amazing.FM radio of course always comes in perfectly and sounds great.Shortwave reception is wonderful, and you get SSB all for under $150.I wouldn't even compare this radio to any others in the $200 price range.Look to spend a bit more on other brands if you're looking for this quality.
113. I can't believe how good this radio picks up the stations, I work in areas where reception is hard to get, picks up am stations great, only if they would have put a better speaker.Great buy for the money.
114. It is everything that I want for travel and around the house: a carrying case, antenna adapter for better reception(when needed)and it's built very solidly. 
115. In Houston, when we were out of power for two weeks due to Hurricane Ike, this little gem fit the bill with great reception and sound, bringing me joy in the dark nights. 
116. After receiving the shipment, I made comparison between SONY 7600gr and my existing RX-396 and found that the SONY's shortwave reception is decidedly inferior to RX-396. 
117. Sorry for my bad english, my mother tongue is german.Its a nice piece of Japan engineering, i have all the pre models here in use and that Model is a good successor of all which was in row before.The SW7600GR  has an very sensitive receiver for shortwave and a clear and good reception for FM.The additonal antenna for Shortwave is a good and easy way to improve the reception on SW.
118. Sorry for my bad english, my mother tongue is german.Its a nice piece of Japan engineering, i have all the pre models here in use and that Model is a good successor of all which was in row before.The SW7600GR  has an very sensitive receiver for shortwave and a clear and good reception for FM.The additonal antenna for Shortwave is a good and easy way to improve the reception on SW.

negative sentences : 
1. I must be in a bad area for reception because I can't get any far off (over 50 miles) AM/short wave stations and even the local AM chanels aren't very clear. 
2. I really wish this radio worked as I did hours of research but unfortunately I could not recieve any shortwave no matter what I tried.I even tried an outside antenna with absolutely no reception.I returned it but was really sorry to do so.I may buy another hope it's better.
3. The cons, difficult to tune and reception was Zilch, zero, and almost none. 
4. None the less, reception is great and I've been able to listen in on lot's of ham conversations, mostly around 3900kHz, on LSB. 
5. If you're addicted to all those non-AM & non-FM frequencies, okay, this radio is probably mediocre: bad reception, but inexpensive for what you get.  
6. If it were not for the excellent reception and build quality I would give it a 3 star rating.
7. Bought this radio to use on board my boat for general FM radio reception and picking up shortwave weather broadcasts from the National Weather Service and Coast Guard. 
8. The new 7600GR does not.Reception, as far as I can tell, is no different from the old model despite the addition of the highly rated "synchronous detector" circuit. 
9. Perfect for bad reception areas. 
10. You could hear it kick in, but it did not improve the reception of the stations at all-The synchronous detector switch, along with the SSB USB/LSB switches, are on the side of the unit and difficult to maneuver without turning the radio sideways to look straight at them.  
11. The small switches may prove to have a short life over time (speculation only)-Reception was not quite as good, when comparing it to my Eton E5 side by side, as I had expected, especially since the vast majority of the reviews that I have read said that the Sony was far superior to the Eton E5 for reception on all bands except FM. 
12. While the Sangean has more bells and whistles, and costs an additional hundred dollars - yet the Sony has far better reception.These radios WILL become classics. 
13. The area I use this radio is not known for getting good reception but this does a great job and I do highly recommend it. 
14. I used it very little due to its poor reception and poor controls. 
15. It has very poor reception on all bands. 
16. It does this job very well, and the speaker is loud enough to be heard at any speed and the reception is stellar. 
17. Keep the radio and antenna extension wire near a window and away from flourescent lights, light dimmers,TV(s), computers and other electrical devices for best reception. 
18. The Grundigs were all cheaply made and have less than desirable reception.Furthermore, I bought the AN-LP1 loop antenna made by Sony. 
19. (It shouldn't take more than one or two CAREFUL readings of the instructions to fully understand them.)You must realize that this is NOT an ordinary analog AM/FM radio where all you do is turn it on, select AM or FM, and maybe change the stations with a knob.This is in fact a sophisticated portable communications receiver and thus requires a learning curve if you are not familiar with shortwave reception. 
20. Knowing the available adapter was inadequate for clear reception, I snatched a discontinued Sony AC-E60L adapter, which supplies 6V DC at 650mA, and works well with the 7600GR. 
21. I just wanted a small unit that could get really good reception for not a lot of money. 
22. This is BY FAR the best receiver below the 400$ range.It is portable, it has great reception, and has tons and tons of cool features on it. 
23. Fantastic AM/FM reception.Gripes not worth loosing a star over are:1. 
24. I really appreciate that.Reception is just as good, if not better, than what I was getting with the CCrane directly off the whip. 
25. I am not an avid listener of AM (or MW in the rest of the world), so I cannot comment on how well the internal antenna is, but on all other bands the reception is great. 
26. First, the reception is poor. 
27. I was not  not disappointed. it reception is excellent an sound quality superb. i would recommend this product any daywo

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : antenna, positive Score : 162 and negative Score :-29
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Stick the external antenna in your window at night, and turn this thing on - you'll hear plenty. 
2. The BBC website says that there is change in listening habits away from SW and its broadcasts to the US are now on satellite radio.I have the included reel antenna stretched out across 20 feet of windows, and a $100  20" diameter active Sony AN-LP1 folding antenna in one window. 
3. Good documentation and external passive antenna included.8.  
4. The similarily priced Grundig G5/Eton E5 is a viable contender, but its lack of sychronous detection would be a deal breaker for many (including, so it seems, Santa).It would be lovely to have a table top shortwave receiver, a long antenna strewn about in the backyard, but from a practiable (and portable) standpoint, the Sony ICF-SW7600GR is superb.  
5. Of course it works better with the extra wire antenna included. 
6. Of course the Sony also costs some $70-80 more than the KA1102 too.On the negative side, one earlier reviewer on Amazon did note that when the very long telescopic Sony built-in antenna is fully extended it is very vulnerable to breakage and he was completely correct. 
7. Sony should have attached either a shorter antenna or reinforced the attachment to the radio for the fully extended position (when extended this antenna is about 20 inches in length). 
8. So just to be safe, I don't usually extend the antenna all the way or else I simply attach the supplied external antenna when necessary for improving my SW listening.
9. --Comes with a handy case/bag and an extended antenna you can hook up to the window, which I think is a must for people in tough reception spots.
10. And before you ask I used the same settings and the same external antenna on both sets.Also the Sony just does not have the same whistle and bells and the ones it does have its difficult to use. 
11. The radio had great sound and the quality especially on AM was wonderful however the antenna for me was not acceptable for how I wanted to use the radio.  
12. The antenna is on a loose hinge that can be slightly extended so the antenna can be more upright while using the tilt stand.  
13. The antenna is on a loose hinge that can be slightly extended so the antenna can be more upright while using the tilt stand.  
14. This unfortunately leaves the antenna loose to the point it can rock back and forth. 
15. I was a bit disappointed even though I was inside and knew that I would need an external antenna to clearly tune in SW stations, especially living in Montana, up against the Rockies to the West and far from the east coast. 
16. With only the built in roughly 3 foot antenna, I was able to tune in quite a few SW stations very clearly and many more with lesser signal to noise but still clear enough to listen to with ease. 
17. I did receive a compact antenna with it; I did not receive the plug-in antenna, adaptor, or batteries. 
18. I did receive a compact antenna with it; I did not receive the plug-in antenna, adaptor, or batteries. 
19. I have hooked up an outdoor wire antenna also, which helps greatly with more faint reception.  
20. Doesn't quite have the sensativity without the external antenna to pick up distant ham transmissions,etc.  
21. And for some reason Sony reccommends strongly you only use their amplified AN1 something or other external antenna, and not just a longwire antenna hooked to a phono jack which is what I wanted to do.  
22. And for some reason Sony reccommends strongly you only use their amplified AN1 something or other external antenna, and not just a longwire antenna hooked to a phono jack which is what I wanted to do.  
23. Apparently the external antenna jack puts out an actual voltage onto the external antenna, and you may(?) 
24. Apparently the external antenna jack puts out an actual voltage onto the external antenna, and you may(?) 
25. The scanning feature is nice and the memmory/page design is great-it takes a little time to get the hang of it but keep the owners manual handy for referal-I just learned to enjoy it for what it is-a portable radio with a ton of features.The only drawback was a lack of a ac/dc transformer(Sony discontinued them-also the portable antenna's also)-no problem-I ordered a ac/dc power supply from another supplier(Universal Radio has a filtered and fused unit)and while pricey it works well-although the alkaline batteries I installed should last a long time-you can use rechargeable batteries as well with an external charger unit for the NI-CAD or LI-ON you would like to use.Amazon did a great job shipping on time-price was great-and with Prime membership shipping was free-way to go Amazon!!
26. I think the whole secret to this shortwave stuff is a great antenna(seems the experienced users run a long wire out in the yard-usually about a 100 foot long)we'll see!!
27. So as in the first review above-its a portable radio,not a radio station,a good antenna is the secret,its still a great ultimate transistor radio with many great features!!
28. This is a small, but not tiny radio, that can bring in lots of radio stations clearly, especially with an external antenna. 
29. I hooked up a long wire antenna to the jack and can receive many stations clearly. 
30. It picks up everything that's available (using the supplied long wire antenna). 
31. So far, it's held up, but I am always aware of its wobbly base when manipulating the antenna.Now I live on the west coast, the worst place in the country for SW reception, so the experiences of listeners in more lively zones may be wholly different. 
32. To do SW well it is necessary to have an external antenna and some issues related to proper design must be adhered to, but if so it works well. 
33. Required for listening to HAM operators and certain other signals.- Dual clocks.- Display is recessed to reduce damage/scratches.- Included clip-on reel antenna really helps reception.Not-so-good things:- The audio.  
34. I use a long outdoor antenna which can be switched between the Sony and the TenTec receiver. 
35. (might be because of the twin coil ferrite antenna??)  
36. The E5 was slightly better than the Sony on all of the MW and SW stations that I tested them on-The reception improves with the Sony AN-LP1 active antenna, but they are hard to find (get them from Japan via eBay as they have been discontinued)-The external antenna jack is not intended for use with any radios other than a few select Sony radios because it supplies a DC voltage to power the Sony antennas, so it makes it difficult to use other antennas unless you clip them to the whip and forgo use of the external antenna jack-Cannot label the presets with anything other than numbers (no alpha-numeric capability)-The buttons are not backlit, and the display backlighting is not very bright-No signal-strength meterThis radio does not live up to the hype.  
37. The E5 was slightly better than the Sony on all of the MW and SW stations that I tested them on-The reception improves with the Sony AN-LP1 active antenna, but they are hard to find (get them from Japan via eBay as they have been discontinued)-The external antenna jack is not intended for use with any radios other than a few select Sony radios because it supplies a DC voltage to power the Sony antennas, so it makes it difficult to use other antennas unless you clip them to the whip and forgo use of the external antenna jack-Cannot label the presets with anything other than numbers (no alpha-numeric capability)-The buttons are not backlit, and the display backlighting is not very bright-No signal-strength meterThis radio does not live up to the hype.  
38. The E5 was slightly better than the Sony on all of the MW and SW stations that I tested them on-The reception improves with the Sony AN-LP1 active antenna, but they are hard to find (get them from Japan via eBay as they have been discontinued)-The external antenna jack is not intended for use with any radios other than a few select Sony radios because it supplies a DC voltage to power the Sony antennas, so it makes it difficult to use other antennas unless you clip them to the whip and forgo use of the external antenna jack-Cannot label the presets with anything other than numbers (no alpha-numeric capability)-The buttons are not backlit, and the display backlighting is not very bright-No signal-strength meterThis radio does not live up to the hype.  
39. I would recommend this shortwave receiver to anyone wanting to listen to shortwave radio.The only thing that could make this purchase a little better is a good external antenna. 
40. A  minor consideration is that the antenna mount is quite flimsy, allowing the antenna of this brand new radio to wobble around like it's worn out. 
41. A  minor consideration is that the antenna mount is quite flimsy, allowing the antenna of this brand new radio to wobble around like it's worn out. 
42. Great lttle radio. clear reception. lots of features.It came with an external reel or cable antenna in addition to the telescoping rigid one attached to the radio.Unfortunately Amazon had suggested the purchase of another, almost identicle antenna which I bought Since Sony included their own, I now have two :(I wish Sony would have included an AC adapter, (I would have paid a lttle more to get it all in one package, but its not the end of the world.)Those are the only two reasons I didn't give this a five star rating.
43. I found an identical Sony antenna on the Internet for $17. 
44. For the travel I do this radio will always go along so I can keep up on my Shortwave listen and news outside of the U.S.I do have one concern that I'll have to be careful of......The antenna mount. 
45. On this radio the antenna is very long when fully extended and really gives the joint a real workout if you're holding it. 
46. It's not labeled "Sangean," but there is little doubt it's the same antenna inside, with just a minor cosmetic difference on the outside (mostly the Sangean label).  
47. The fact is, the external plug-in long wire antenna that appears to be the same thing as the Sangean antenna, is IN THE BOX with the receiver.  
48. The fact is, the external plug-in long wire antenna that appears to be the same thing as the Sangean antenna, is IN THE BOX with the receiver.  
49. It's very sensitive on shortwave and along with the sync feature, it really makes listening to less-powered stations from around the globe a pleasant affair.Using the included antenna reel helps, although not really necessary. 
50. Couple the 7600GR with Sony's AN-LP1 antenna and you come surprisingly close to the performance of the SW07 & SW100.  
51. Only a few stations come in clear, others have interference from nearby stations, or can only be heard if the radio and antenna are held in a specific direction. 
52. As well as an external antenna.  
53. The external antenna fits in a pocket and extends out 21 feet.  
54. It was very reliable but I did have to glue in the heavy ferrite internal antenna and solder its connections a couple of times after various falls.  
55. The only thing negative to me is the heavy antenna. 
56. The compact wire antenna that comes with the radio is very helpful at bringing in distant stations. 
57. Bought this sony as a backup for my first one, use it exclusively for the SSB, wx reports that I need in the bahamas, for this puropse it works well, though with all AM broadcasts some days are better than others - in my case I received perhaps 1/2 of Chris Parkers morning SSB weather reports, using the included wire antenna clipped to the regular antenna on the radio.  
58. Bought this sony as a backup for my first one, use it exclusively for the SSB, wx reports that I need in the bahamas, for this puropse it works well, though with all AM broadcasts some days are better than others - in my case I received perhaps 1/2 of Chris Parkers morning SSB weather reports, using the included wire antenna clipped to the regular antenna on the radio.  
59. With much internet searching I discovered a very old antenna type, known as an AM loop antenna.  
60. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
61. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
62. For serous listening with an indoor antenna, buy an active loop antenna and hang it in the window. 
63. For serous listening with an indoor antenna, buy an active loop antenna and hang it in the window. 
64. When you listen to AM(MW), keep in mind that the built in ferrite core antenna is bi-directional, and rotating the radio position can improve reception and reduce background noise.I would Highly recommend the ICF-7600GR to anyone that wants a highly effective receiver for shortwave. 
65. I use a clip on long wire antenna to improve reception.  
66. But I was amazed at how well  the  shortwave received on a long wire antenna attached to the radio antenna.  
67. All you short wave guys with more knowledge than myself would really be surprised at the reception, especially if you install a good long wire antenna.  
68. My radio came with an extra antenna, pleather case and a SW handbook. 
69. I was outside using the radio and even hooked up the extended antenna that they had (but it was not off the ground for any real height).So what is wrong?  
70. But being outside and at night in winter on Long Island, NY is not that fun.You really need a good antenna so you can use inside your house by a window.  
71. Plus the long line antenna that clip at tip of the whip makes it even more of a risk that it will break the whip.As I use more I will continue to update.
72. When i turned on as simple is, that was astounding, i was impressed take some stations that never heard, but when put a ramdom wire antenna this was greatly good. 100% full recomended.
73. The telescopic whip antenna was down with just my fingerresting upon it. 
74. A cute self-containedreel of wire, with built-in end clips, is included as a useful portable antenna. 
75. Good radio-bit complicated-reception is fair would recommned external antenna for better reception.  
76. After playing with this device and trying several antenna options was only able to acquire very limited broadcasts.  
77. For price would have expected better reception and or better antenna options
78. I never had to resort to using an external antenna on the 2010 and this thing barely pulls in a ssb signal on 75 meters. 
79. (Nor will its construction quality match that of this Sony.)Some people have complained about the whip antenna being somewhat delicate. 
80. In any case, however, the exact replacement antenna is available from PartStore&lt;dot>com. 
81. The antenna takes less than one minute to replace.Sound quality is pretty good - great for news/talk, somewhat less so for music on FM. 
82. Currently this antenna is being sold ONLY by an eB@y dealer in Japan (just Google "Buyfromjapan" and then enter "AN-LP1" in his search box) -- but he is absolutely reliable and FAST - you'll have your antenna in less than a week by Express Mail - and he takes the usual major credit cards as well as PayPal.I believe that using an AN-LP1 with an ICF-SW7600GR results in an almost "perfect" portable shortwave reception center.
83. An added bonus (at least in mine) was the external antenna that was included in the box.
84. The included spooled shortwave antenna allows reception of distant shortwave stations. 
85. Not bad but, could be better ..it doesn't meet with my expectation...Be careful about antenna,its very delicate.
86. It comes with an external antenna and has been great when travelling.  
87. I am in PA and cannot get any Pacific stations at any time on this radio, nor any Middle East (I have ham radio rig with a long wire antenna and get both on that one---but that's another league). 
88. My main interest was to purchase a good shortwave radio.This radio cannot pull in the signal very well at all even after clipping an extension wire onto the antenna.I located an old Grundig YB305 portable digital shortwave radio to compare to the Sony.  
89. After trying .....with the included antenna and several add on antennas i was disappointed to find that this radio was less useful in listening to SW-SSB than the Sangean which has LOTS OF HOURS ON IT.  
90. The antenna is loose at its base and swinging when extended fully , however the screw looks tight. 
91. I can receive mainly Chineses stations and Australian national radio and a couple of American missionary stations in the few hours after 1am to 6am , without the external antenna. 
92. I was able to tune in quite a few stations using the telescoping antenna alone, when you connect the included external wire antenna the reception improves dramatically, even if you just run it a few feet and clip it to the curtains on a nearby window.I did a lot of research on this before purchasing. 
93. I was able to tune in quite a few stations using the telescoping antenna alone, when you connect the included external wire antenna the reception improves dramatically, even if you just run it a few feet and clip it to the curtains on a nearby window.I did a lot of research on this before purchasing. 
94. The obvious differences are:* The GR is bigger.* The antenna on the GR is longer and more substantial.* Two wake timers rather than one.* Synchronous AM detector (good!)
95. It does have some great weak signal capability.It also comes in a high quality case, features a retractable antenna, SW schedule booklet, and amenities in a product that I would not expect in this day and age of cost cutting.A major disadvantage is the local high power AM radio stations in my area cause all sorts of images in the LW band. 
96. When I connected it to the same antenna I use for my Sony ICF-2010 I heard no signals from about 250 to about 2800 kilohertz.  
97. Also, you can't plug in an external antenna in the jack because it supplies a DC current. 
98. For the price this is a great radio.Sony quality and performance.Sensitivity is good with the attached antenna and the syncronous detector makes SWL very enjoyable.  
99. Rather than take it back or toss it in the closet, get a better antenna and you'll hear what's out there.  
100. Sensitivity and selectivity are acceptable for the size and class of the radio, plus the variable attenuator has proven useful with the radio connected to an outdoor longwire antenna for HF reception or passively coupled to a tuneable mediumwave loop like the Kaito AN-200.I modified the sync circuit with superb results, with the synchronous detector finally proving its viability in both seek and hold operations for improved faint and overlapping signal reception scenarios. 
101. It is better to have a $500 antenna and a $50 radio than a $500 radio and a $50 antenna.  
102. The antenna is the most important part of any radio system.  
103. I run a 70ft. outside antenna to both of my shortwave radios when I want a good strong signal from weak stations.  
104. If you run a outdoor antenna on any radio you will always get a better signal and enjoy it more IMHO.
105. The switches for fine tuning and antenna control are really amazing.Two things would make this radio close to perfect:  rechargeable battery or at least capacity to keep nicad batteries charged.  
106. I was disappointed in the reception of this radio, I have a regular boombox type radio with a shorter antenna that picks up FM stations better. 
107. I got zero SW reception on any band even with the extended antenna. 
108. Sony generously supplies a very nice reel-up antenna in the package that clips onto the whip if you need something extra. 
109. Pros:Solid ConstructionGood SelectivityGood SensitivityEasy to use controlsCons:Slightly wobbly whip antenna mountNo memory labelingScan is only in band, not continuous
110. I use the radio to listen late at night on both AM and FM, before I go to sleep, and have no complaints about the sound.I bought this radio knowing you can spend as much as you want on desktops and various antenna arrays and computer-integrated control and obviously get better performance.  
111. I don't know enough yet to speak of its SW function but I will report back when I find an appropriate place to install my outdoor antenna. 
112. The included case and reel antenna makes it the best deal out there.  
113. Clearly, the ICF-7600GR was designed for the shortwave hobbiest, and the whole package makes a nice little shortwave kit - radio with tilting stand on the back, soft case, reel antenna, and two booklets.  
114. It is a multi-feature multi-band unit, decent enough for SWLing, but unfortunately having a floppy antenna, poor display window, moderate selectivity, no tuning wheel, and terrible audio quality.  
115. My observations regarding the radio's performance are from this journey.SENSITIVITY:Rural reception; very quiet man-made RF overload environments will  challenge the external antenna possibilities, especially, when atmospheric noise contributions are very low.Urban reception; very high RF overload environments (Tegucigalpa and even some locations here in La Esperanza, Honduras) reception of weak signals isimpossible. 
116. The attenuation control for the antenna input level is very useful if using the scanning mode; especially when local AM, FM, and TV stations plus other RF sources are producing RF overloading. 
117. Flimsy antenna flops around. 
118. A radio is only as good as its antenna'sincoming signal, so for a SWL set to omit a passive means to boost signalsis regrettable. 
119. Hardly any portable (or tabletop) sets have external jacksfor an antenna, so do not use this as a pretext to "pass" on this model.3. 
120. Lots of memory presets and extras like a line out and ext antenna input and an excellent side band set up  . 
121. It is everything that I want for travel and around the house: a carrying case, antenna adapter for better reception(when needed)and it's built very solidly. 
122. There's two output jacks (headphone, line out) right next to the antenna jack. 
123. The whip antenna is nearly a full yard in length. 
124. The build is about the same in terms of heft,and you get a long roll up antenna too, though you clip it ON to the pullout one built into the radio instead of plugging it into a port, though you canbuy one to do that if you like. 
125. Sorry for my bad english, my mother tongue is german.Its a nice piece of Japan engineering, i have all the pre models here in use and that Model is a good successor of all which was in row before.The SW7600GR  has an very sensitive receiver for shortwave and a clear and good reception for FM.The additonal antenna for Shortwave is a good and easy way to improve the reception on SW.
126. I bought two Igogreen battery chargers that comes with 4 AA batteries, and those batteries are supposed to be able to be charged up to 400 times....costs like $8 each, with free shipping...I have charged my batteries 6 times now.This radio has a light, clock, sleep function and alarm too.I have had this radio for about a month now, and haven't found anything to complain about, and I use it every day.I have ordered a Kaito AN-200 passive inductive loop AM antenna to put beside the radio to see if I can pull in talk radio AM better.  

negative sentences : 
1. I was confused as to whether or not an external antenna was included in the box with this radio.  
2. I really wish this radio worked as I did hours of research but unfortunately I could not recieve any shortwave no matter what I tried.I even tried an outside antenna with absolutely no reception.I returned it but was really sorry to do so.I may buy another hope it's better.
3. I can hardly wait to get a decent tuned external antenna set up outside of my house. 
4. The only thing I need now is the rooftop short wave antenna. yowee.
5. In terms of performance, I get consistently stronger signals with less hiss/noise on the Sony vis a viz the G5; also, the Sony enjoys superior signal strength boosts with the use of a modest external antenna (clearer, cleaner signal with less hiss than the G5). 
6. That is, other than the whip antenna anchor which is really loose, almost flimsy. 
7. This is most likely a defective radio, but I have other complaints as well (hence, I took a refund instead of an exchange).Pros:-Build appears to be very rugged-The radio has a nice, professional look (glossy silver)-Generous package that includes a SW station book, comprehensive user manual, and an external antenna (but no AC adapter)Cons:-The synchronous detection feature did not work.  
8. In fact, it is so thin that it fell off my counter with the FM/SW whip antenna fully extended and the antenna got bent and eventually broke. 
9. I wrap my index finger of my left hand around the antenna base to support it if I'm holding it and that helps a lot. 
10. Not only does the product description say there are only the internal ferrite bar antenna and the telescoping external antenna on the top of the receiver, with no mention of the plug-in long wire antenna, but the Amazon ad itself says many people buy the Sangean antenna along with the Sony receiver, implying you need to purchase it separately.  
11. Not only does the product description say there are only the internal ferrite bar antenna and the telescoping external antenna on the top of the receiver, with no mention of the plug-in long wire antenna, but the Amazon ad itself says many people buy the Sangean antenna along with the Sony receiver, implying you need to purchase it separately.  
12. Not only does the product description say there are only the internal ferrite bar antenna and the telescoping external antenna on the top of the receiver, with no mention of the plug-in long wire antenna, but the Amazon ad itself says many people buy the Sangean antenna along with the Sony receiver, implying you need to purchase it separately.  
13. Not only does the product description say there are only the internal ferrite bar antenna and the telescoping external antenna on the top of the receiver, with no mention of the plug-in long wire antenna, but the Amazon ad itself says many people buy the Sangean antenna along with the Sony receiver, implying you need to purchase it separately.  
14. The radio also included the Sony AN-71 compact Antenna and a short wave radio station book along with the owners manual.  
15. The 7600GR has a variable antenna attenuator that is far more useful than a DX/ local switch.I have some hints for beginners. 
16. This annoyance will not occur on this Sony.)For shortwave listening, it is quite sensitive off its whip antenna yet is robust enough to handle a significant external antenna, should the owner decide to use one.With this radio, the user can easily and conveniently hear, at appropriate times of the day, English-language broadcasts from England (of course!)
17. This annoyance will not occur on this Sony.)For shortwave listening, it is quite sensitive off its whip antenna yet is robust enough to handle a significant external antenna, should the owner decide to use one.With this radio, the user can easily and conveniently hear, at appropriate times of the day, English-language broadcasts from England (of course!)
18. The external antenna does not make huge difference but more static. 
19. As with any portable, if you want more stations on shortwave, use a better antenna.  
20. It does not seem to have very good nulls when rotating the radio, but that may be due to the small ferrite antenna.  
21. I am not an avid listener of AM (or MW in the rest of the world), so I cannot comment on how well the internal antenna is, but on all other bands the reception is great. 
22. Though I've not recorded the actual time I can play before recharging becomes necessary, my sense is that it's around 20 hours.From my backyard on Long Island, New York, using the the radio's whip antenna, unaided, I have received stations from halfway around the world (New Zealand, Australia, Vietnam) as well as the Middle East (Egypt, UAR) and Europe.  
23. This is definitely its strength, and as such, it is worth having, especially if you'll use the included wire antenna that substantially improves the reception.  
24. In addition to the radio, the box includes a portable shortwave reel antenna, a fitted vinyl case with Velcro closures, a shortwave radio handbook, a user's manual, a one-year warranty and other documentation. 
25. It's a good thing the Sony has a more "flexible" (some would say "fragile") antenna, because it needed all that flexibility to try to pull in some stations that the Tecsun just soaked up. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : radio, positive Score : 467 and negative Score :-135
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. This radio has super sensitive reception. 
2. Cheaper than ebay for a brand new radio shipped free even to Alaska!
3. I think one must take a worldband radio out of the US to hear good English news SW, as little English SW seems to be broadcast at the US. 
4. They seem about the same, and not a lot better than the radio's own whip. 
5. I like the price, quality, features and compact size of this radio. 
6. As a worldband radio it is great. 
7. As my old Radio Shack cassette shortwave radio died, I wrote a letter to Santa and lo and behold I found the Sony under the tree Xmas morning.The radio has some nice features like full world band coverage, stereo FM with headphones, nice compact size, good ergonomics, fine memory system, synchronous detector (locks in on stations--a great feature), and ability to handle ham radio broadcasts.I like the radio very much.  
8. As my old Radio Shack cassette shortwave radio died, I wrote a letter to Santa and lo and behold I found the Sony under the tree Xmas morning.The radio has some nice features like full world band coverage, stereo FM with headphones, nice compact size, good ergonomics, fine memory system, synchronous detector (locks in on stations--a great feature), and ability to handle ham radio broadcasts.I like the radio very much.  
9. As my old Radio Shack cassette shortwave radio died, I wrote a letter to Santa and lo and behold I found the Sony under the tree Xmas morning.The radio has some nice features like full world band coverage, stereo FM with headphones, nice compact size, good ergonomics, fine memory system, synchronous detector (locks in on stations--a great feature), and ability to handle ham radio broadcasts.I like the radio very much.  
10. Fine memory system.In conclusion,  this is a fine radio.  
11. But this radio is very easy to set in a certain meter range and scan it. 
12. A heavy radio for its size that seems to give you a bit-o-confidence, it's not got an "Elcheapo" feel ya know. 
13. My old realistic radio shack analog receiver out performs the radio reception that this has. 
14. This is a great radio for me.  
15. What a great radio. 
16. Sony started their career making radio's and their engineering team is second to none.The build quality, fit, finish and most of all the sensitivity of the radio couple with their Synchronous detection works like a charm.Every other manufacturer out there is basically copying SONY design and function.Its a shame they are not making their other coveted models anymore, but this might be their last. 
17. But when it comes to portable radio, nothing beats the SONY period. 
18. If you do not use this radio often it is easy to forget how to use it for SW operation. 
19. So far I am quite impressed with this very high quality am/fm/lw/sw radio which is the cumulative result of Sony research and development over some 25 years. 
20. This radio does have a much steeper learning and operating curve for the casual user than for example does the Kaito KA1102. 
21. Most people interested in SW radio listening don't care a great deal about the quality of the radio's musical sounds very much, whereas those who listen to FM a great deal really want high quality musical sounds with full bass and treble adjustments. 
22. Most people interested in SW radio listening don't care a great deal about the quality of the radio's musical sounds very much, whereas those who listen to FM a great deal really want high quality musical sounds with full bass and treble adjustments. 
23. The radio is pretty nice as far as options and other peoples reviews but I seem to be having issues. 
24. The performance is comparable to my $35 clock radio. 
25. Started playing with this little radio last night and really like it.
26. No other radio at this price has syncdetector.2. 
27. As a personal radio this isn't sucha liability.  
28. This is one of the high quality advanced radio available in such a small form factor. 
29. While this radio is very good, beware of Sony Service and also that Sony will use defective parts in its products and then 'run out of replacements' to fix their problems.  
30. If you want a very expensive radio receiver with horrible sound to pick up your local FM/AM stations then sure buy this, otherwise keep shopping.
31. The radio had great sound and the quality especially on AM was wonderful however the antenna for me was not acceptable for how I wanted to use the radio.  
32. If the radio is going to be kept still then I would say go for it as the radio is great.  
33. This is my first shortwave radio. 
34. I am now looking for a similar sony radio but this time I am looking for a unit with knob controls, switches and tuning up front. 
35. The 7600gr is perfect for what it is, a small functional portable sw radio.
36. I purchased this radio with high hopes, and was disappointed with the performance. the pluses, solid and well built, feels substantial in your hands. 
37. The speaker is small and the sound is far from full (it does have a voice-music tone switch which helps a bit), but it is a small portable radio so I didn't expect much in this area. 
38. This radio works very good and has done everything that i would expect from a compact device and then some . 
39. Should have bought a less expensive world short wave radio as this one is way too complicated for me to use. 
40. I mainly listen to AM & FM band radio, and the reception on this little radio is awful.  
41. I mainly listen to AM & FM band radio, and the reception on this little radio is awful.  
42. The build quality of this radio is excellent. 
43. This radio performed well above my initial expectations.There are many great reviews and I agree with most of them, but here is one thing that you may want to consider if you purchase this radio.  
44. Sony doesn't make the proper battery eliminator for this radio. 
45. Without proper filtering RFI (Radio Frequency Interference) becomes a critical problem.No problem you might say I will just use a proper wall wart 6vdc@300ma and it will be fine.  
46. Did not pick up clearly stations that were crystal clear on the car radio. 
47. The radio had seen light use, mostly at home and more recently on the boat, but now the entire FM portion of the unit no longer works. 
48. After going to Sony's repair website, they only offer repair on an exchange basis for $150... a brand new radio is about $130!
49. I don't know, but that was a pretty big turnoff.The radio's backlight could of been brighter, and I found I do miss the tuning knob alot more then I thought I would, being restricted to only direct frequency entry or the use of scan buttons.  
50. It's not bad for a portable radio, but its not as good as I would of liked and perhaps I should of done more comparison and reading before I bought the radio.
51. The scanning feature is nice and the memmory/page design is great-it takes a little time to get the hang of it but keep the owners manual handy for referal-I just learned to enjoy it for what it is-a portable radio with a ton of features.The only drawback was a lack of a ac/dc transformer(Sony discontinued them-also the portable antenna's also)-no problem-I ordered a ac/dc power supply from another supplier(Universal Radio has a filtered and fused unit)and while pricey it works well-although the alkaline batteries I installed should last a long time-you can use rechargeable batteries as well with an external charger unit for the NI-CAD or LI-ON you would like to use.Amazon did a great job shipping on time-price was great-and with Prime membership shipping was free-way to go Amazon!!
52. The Sony radio is a great starting point-plus the FM is outstanding-the stereo feature through the earphone jack is great-I use an old headset an it sounds great!!
53. I think if you get a set of amplified computer speakers would really turn this radio into a nice tabletop radio!
54. I think if you get a set of amplified computer speakers would really turn this radio into a nice tabletop radio!
55. although the built in speaker is'nt bad.I guess I'm old enough to remember having a tiny transister radio to my ear-I live near Motown and CKLW Windsor was the station to listen to-until FM Stereo hit it big in the middle 60s-so the Sony SW/AM/FM seems like the ultimate transistor radio to me!!!
56. although the built in speaker is'nt bad.I guess I'm old enough to remember having a tiny transister radio to my ear-I live near Motown and CKLW Windsor was the station to listen to-until FM Stereo hit it big in the middle 60s-so the Sony SW/AM/FM seems like the ultimate transistor radio to me!!!
57. I need to try this radio outside away from the high tension wires and metal awnings and gutters and home electronics to see if that helps with shortwave more.But I'm satisfied with the features even for casual listning.I'm pulling in a ton of FM stations that I've never heard of before-so we'll see?
58. So as in the first review above-its a portable radio,not a radio station,a good antenna is the secret,its still a great ultimate transistor radio with many great features!!
59. So as in the first review above-its a portable radio,not a radio station,a good antenna is the secret,its still a great ultimate transistor radio with many great features!!
60. So as in the first review above-its a portable radio,not a radio station,a good antenna is the secret,its still a great ultimate transistor radio with many great features!!
61. The radio is excellent, using the sleep mode to conserve batteries these last much longer.  
62. This is the smallest radio I know of with this function. 
63. This is a small, but not tiny radio, that can bring in lots of radio stations clearly, especially with an external antenna. 
64. I find this radio to provide better AM and FM reception than my CC Radio.  
65. got a great price from amazon on this feature-packed little radio.. did my research, this is my first swl radio in about 20 years...It's just taking a little time to learn the ins and outs of this radio...
66. got a great price from amazon on this feature-packed little radio.. did my research, this is my first swl radio in about 20 years...It's just taking a little time to learn the ins and outs of this radio...
67. I purchased this radio with high expectations, but was soon disappointed!
68. The 7600 is a big radio stuffed into a small package. 
69. Very nice radio. 
70. For a small portible radio that handles shortwave you can't go wrong.Now if shortwave would make a comeback it would be great! 
71. But only a few portables come even close to a true communication receiver.This radio is one of them, also the Sony 2010, Sangean 909, Radio Shack 398 and the old Sangean 803. 
72. But only a few portables come even close to a true communication receiver.This radio is one of them, also the Sony 2010, Sangean 909, Radio Shack 398 and the old Sangean 803. 
73. This little radio will perform just as well as the 2010 and will do it for less then half of the cost of the 2010's new price. 
74. It was given the best marks for size, quality, workmanship, user functions, price... everything I was reading seemed to say- best deal out there.This radio is leaps and bounds better than the old analog unit my grandmother had in the storm cellar. 
75. It's also a great performing radio, that costs little over 1/2 the price of the Sony.
76. A great radio to consider if you only want one shortwave radio, and don't want to spend very much. 
77. A great radio to consider if you only want one shortwave radio, and don't want to spend very much. 
78. I agree with most of the other reviews that this is a nice little radio.  
79. As a Ham radio operator I am very satisfied with the quality of this radio and its capabilities.  
80. Great little radio.  
81. The only down side to this radio, is the instructions.  
82. What will be erased is the current time on the radio's clock but that's very easily reset.The built-in "tin-can" speaker is the only part of the 7600 that I dislike. 
83. The G5 is a good, even very good, SW portable but the Sony is a near-great one.One suggestion I have is this: If you buy a 7600GR (or even a G5, or some similar-sized portable), go to Universal Radio's Web site ([...]) and order one of their clear plastic radio stands which holds your radio firmly in place and at an ideal viewing angle. 
84. The G5 is a good, even very good, SW portable but the Sony is a near-great one.One suggestion I have is this: If you buy a 7600GR (or even a G5, or some similar-sized portable), go to Universal Radio's Web site ([...]) and order one of their clear plastic radio stands which holds your radio firmly in place and at an ideal viewing angle. 
85. I did a lot of research on what would be the best AM/Shortwave radio for under $200 and it paid off. 
86. I am very happy with this radio and would recommend it to someone looking for one in this category.
87. I've been shopping around for a good short wave radio. 
88. I was looking for a good shortwave radio but didn't want to spend a fortune.  
89. So if you are looking for a real shortwave radio at an entry level price this is probably your best bet.  
90. It outperforms my old Radio Shack DX-400 and is as sensitive as my TenTec RX320D. 
91. The radio came perfectly safe and the same day it was suposed to.I liked the price, it was not expensive and the antena that comes with the radio is very useful.I would recommend it to anyone who would like or likes to listen to other countries radios.I was able to listen to a chinese radio and I'm from Uruguay!
92. The radio came perfectly safe and the same day it was suposed to.I liked the price, it was not expensive and the antena that comes with the radio is very useful.I would recommend it to anyone who would like or likes to listen to other countries radios.I was able to listen to a chinese radio and I'm from Uruguay!
93. The radio came perfectly safe and the same day it was suposed to.I liked the price, it was not expensive and the antena that comes with the radio is very useful.I would recommend it to anyone who would like or likes to listen to other countries radios.I was able to listen to a chinese radio and I'm from Uruguay!
94. In most cases, the reviews indicated that the Sony was a much better radio for reception quality and its synchrounous detection.I wanted a small portable that has sychronous detection capability. 
95. The E5 was slightly better than the Sony on all of the MW and SW stations that I tested them on-The reception improves with the Sony AN-LP1 active antenna, but they are hard to find (get them from Japan via eBay as they have been discontinued)-The external antenna jack is not intended for use with any radios other than a few select Sony radios because it supplies a DC voltage to power the Sony antennas, so it makes it difficult to use other antennas unless you clip them to the whip and forgo use of the external antenna jack-Cannot label the presets with anything other than numbers (no alpha-numeric capability)-The buttons are not backlit, and the display backlighting is not very bright-No signal-strength meterThis radio does not live up to the hype.  
96. If you want a high performance radio that will last many years this is the one. 
97. One very major selling point for me was the fact that it's still made in Japan, which I personally believe is an important factor in the quality issue.For me, the only real drawback to this radio is the lack of a tuning knob, I do actually miss that somewhat. 
98. I would recommend this shortwave receiver to anyone wanting to listen to shortwave radio.The only thing that could make this purchase a little better is a good external antenna. 
99. However, the radio has several fatal design flaws. 
100. A  minor consideration is that the antenna mount is quite flimsy, allowing the antenna of this brand new radio to wobble around like it's worn out. 
101. Great lttle radio. clear reception. lots of features.It came with an external reel or cable antenna in addition to the telescoping rigid one attached to the radio.Unfortunately Amazon had suggested the purchase of another, almost identicle antenna which I bought Since Sony included their own, I now have two :(I wish Sony would have included an AC adapter, (I would have paid a lttle more to get it all in one package, but its not the end of the world.)Those are the only two reasons I didn't give this a five star rating.
102. Great lttle radio. clear reception. lots of features.It came with an external reel or cable antenna in addition to the telescoping rigid one attached to the radio.Unfortunately Amazon had suggested the purchase of another, almost identicle antenna which I bought Since Sony included their own, I now have two :(I wish Sony would have included an AC adapter, (I would have paid a lttle more to get it all in one package, but its not the end of the world.)Those are the only two reasons I didn't give this a five star rating.
103. Great radio, and I have owned many. 
104. My only hesitation is that the speaker sound is somewhat thin, but it does sound much, much better with headphones.The radio cabinet is very compact and almost too thin. 
105. From this I learned that the radio is more stable when it is resting at an angle on its built-in fold-out back support.I called Sony Parts and they wanted $51 plus tax and shipping for the whip antenna! 
106. (About a third the price of the radio!). 
107. This radio is a hunk of shortwave power on the go! 
108. On this radio the antenna is very long when fully extended and really gives the joint a real workout if you're holding it. 
109. Being as heavy as this radio is I don't see it as a walkabout radio just moved from place to place which I think is the proper way to use this radio.On Balance I see this radio as 4.9 out of 5 with antenna weakness being that missing .1
110. Being as heavy as this radio is I don't see it as a walkabout radio just moved from place to place which I think is the proper way to use this radio.On Balance I see this radio as 4.9 out of 5 with antenna weakness being that missing .1
111. The radio itself is great!  
112. If the band's open, this radio will pick up nicely.One huge flaw is that this is OBVIOUSLY made to make men look stupid to their wives.  
113. But the ad for the radio (including the extended item description) are misleading or outright wrong.Without those two glitches (the lack of an external power supply included, and the antenna BEING included but being "pushed" by Amazon and not listed in the product description), this would otherwise have been a very solid 5-star rating.  
114. As far as price/performance ratio - this radio is superb. 
115. I consider FM as a free bonus on this radio. 
116. Great radio and really does have good reception. 
117. Sony upgrade the speaker though to make this the best radio for short wave.
118. Once you have experienced the ability of Synch Detection to dig out and lock-in weak stations and reduce adjacent station interference you will never buy another shortwave radio without it.  
119. The 7600GR is the lowest priced radio available today with this unique Sony circuitry.I also have the Sony SW07 & SW100.  
120. Futhermore, the 7600GR performance on Longwave & Mediumwave (AM) are superb for such a small radio.  
121. And the 7600GR is the most useful and simple portable shortwave radio I have ever used in my 30+ years in this hobby.  
122. My Radio Shack clock radio, Tivoli Audio, and any car radio have better reception! 
123. It comes with two freebies that are not listed on the Sony website or on Amazon:  A booklet listing popular radio stations to listen too from around the world.  
124. Nice radio for size.Good battery life, and set feels "solid" . 
125. Overall, satisfied with the radio, and good customre service from Amazon, as I returned a previous Eton E-5, and still awaiting final disposition of that return.
126. However, I am new to waveband radio so there will be a learning curve to use his radio.
127. The radio sounds okay but because of it's small size it's a little on the muddy side in sound in the low setting of the tone.  
128. I used the rechargables with the battery's paired charger.The switches for the functions for ssb u/l and sync/norm/ssb are small and for DX'ing it's too stiff and makes the radio less useable. 
129. The radio is exellcent in the FM band, as i live near a FM radio transmitter and rejection of that signal is held at bay, so it's image doesn't overide the rest of the band, rock jazz... all sound is very good, crisp and it has good sound reproduction.  
130. The radio is exellcent in the FM band, as i live near a FM radio transmitter and rejection of that signal is held at bay, so it's image doesn't overide the rest of the band, rock jazz... all sound is very good, crisp and it has good sound reproduction.  
131. For the money this radio was absolutely worth it.  
132. The delivery of the radio was quicker than quick.  
133. This SW radio is brand new.  
134. Great radio, lots of features.  
135. Other than that, am not sorry I purchased the radio, I like it very much.
136. I bought this radio a few years ago. 
137. This radio has additional controls on both sides of the radio to aid in tuning in frequencies.  
138. This radio is able to pick up stations that some of my other portable radios can not.  
139. I primarily bought this radio to use as a replacement for the stolen radio in my old car. 
140. I did a lot of research online and pretty well figured out that this radio is universally hailed as a great portable and an excellent starter radio.  
141. I've received HAM radio communcations, BBC with excellent clarity, FM stations that I normally cannot pick up here, AM stations from my hometown that are weak, and quite a few of these treasured "numbers stations" that got me so interested in the first place.I'll be honest, I haven't tested another radio, so I have little to compare to.  
142. I've received HAM radio communcations, BBC with excellent clarity, FM stations that I normally cannot pick up here, AM stations from my hometown that are weak, and quite a few of these treasured "numbers stations" that got me so interested in the first place.I'll be honest, I haven't tested another radio, so I have little to compare to.  
143. Apart from that it's a better than average small radio. 
144. What I'd love to see is a completely modern version of the legendary Sony ICF-2010, which this unit really is not meant to be, but it's as close as we'll probably ever get from Sony.Overall, a great shortwave radio!
145. This is a very sensitive and versatile, dual conversion, shortwave radio.  
146. The compact wire antenna that comes with the radio is very helpful at bringing in distant stations. 
147. There is also an alarm feature with two preset memories.The radio comes with a shortwave radio guide and a soft case for the radio.Do not buy an AC power supply to be used with shortwave. 
148. There is also an alarm feature with two preset memories.The radio comes with a shortwave radio guide and a soft case for the radio.Do not buy an AC power supply to be used with shortwave. 
149. There is also an alarm feature with two preset memories.The radio comes with a shortwave radio guide and a soft case for the radio.Do not buy an AC power supply to be used with shortwave. 
150. Great radio, well made, easy to operate and has a very good sound. the price was reasonable and the quality very good
151. Bought this sony as a backup for my first one, use it exclusively for the SSB, wx reports that I need in the bahamas, for this puropse it works well, though with all AM broadcasts some days are better than others - in my case I received perhaps 1/2 of Chris Parkers morning SSB weather reports, using the included wire antenna clipped to the regular antenna on the radio.  
152. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
153. So a few things i've learned about this:  an am loop antenna is basically a long wire antenna wrapped around and around - the shape apparently doesn't make much difference but something at least a foot+ x two feet seems to work (hence the lid from a plastic storage bin - non conductive and in my case FREE - god i love that word, second the ground wire is critical as are good quality electrical connections - in the marine environment (salt water corrodes - don't you know) you will have to use marine grade wire and connectors and even then they'll need to be redone occassionaly to maintain the best possible reception, third you must eliminate all possible sources of radio interference if you want good AM/shortwave/SSB reception, some very bad sources of bad reception include computers, cell phones, ipods, low draw lights (leds) - you get the idea, keep turning stuff off untill you get good reception, start with a signal you're certain to pick up and move on to more challenging stuff.Very well built radio (completely built in JAPAN) getting rarer and rarer as even SONY is offshoring their manufacturing and it's just not as good.One last hint, get a good pair of full headphones (closed ear type - not buds) they really make a huge difference - mine cost only $8 bucks at a discount department store, i couldn't find nice fancy ones, and was amazed that all it took was the $8 dollar ones to allow loud and clear reception!
154. The Sony ICF-7600GR is a great little shortwave radio. 
155. I it is much easier to operate than my Sony SW77 and it is easier to tune in SSB than the SW77.Sony is the last of the giant manufacturers to offer a shortwave radio and it is still made in Japan not China, and I thank them for continuing to make a product that only appeals to a small niche of Customers.That being said, first of all it is not a "boom box" designed for music listening. 
156. It is a small radio with a tiny speaker that reproduces the vocal range (200hz-5000hz) with clarity without causing fatigue to the listener. 
157. When you listen to AM(MW), keep in mind that the built in ferrite core antenna is bi-directional, and rotating the radio position can improve reception and reduce background noise.I would Highly recommend the ICF-7600GR to anyone that wants a highly effective receiver for shortwave. 
158. I bought this radio after trying out several Grundig portables including the YB400. 
159. This radio doesn't have wide/narrow bandwidth selection  and the default bandwidth is narrow  so the sound is  depressed. 
160. I have had this radio for a month.It works very well.It is sensitive and selective on AM and FM as well.It is well made.It is also a good deal that it has AM synchronous for a reasonable price.It sounds good for its size.It would be a perfect radio if it was a little larger in size with a somewhat larger speaker and adjustable tone controls.
161. Excellent RadioExcellent Radio for SW reception; very selective, also has good sound fidelity in FM band. 
162. Reception wise, the radio works OK.  
163. The upper and lower sideband functions work well and it works quite well for copying morse code.I have used the radio a little over a month and I have several complaints.  
164. But I throw it in my briefcase when I go on a trip and it is a great portable radio.  
165. This radio is extremely easy on batteries and, if you use NiMH rechargeables, as I do, your battery costs in the long run will be very, very low.With portable radios, AC adapters, in general, cause more problems than they are worth. 
166. The radio gets GREAT reception.  
167. This is my first digital tuned radio, and it took a little getting use to. 
168. I live 40 miles from the popular all news AM radio station, and even thou they broadcast 50,000 watts reception is just below average on all of the other radios I have. 
169. This radio is as small as a womans purse but heavy for the size. 
170. bought the receiver to listen to ham bands and swl. radio has bfo which makes tuning ssb and cw great,and tuning  is in 1khz or 5hz increments which makes the selectivity better than most am shortwave radios. i am able to monitor packet psk31 on 40m and 20meters. only fault is no ac adaptor provided. but found a universal one on amazon for cheap. overall very satisfied a great little radio for fm, swl, and casual ham monitoring.
171. I needed a small radio to take backpacking, I like to listen to SW when Im in the back-country. 
172. Much better than my old Radio Shack SW radio I used to take.The digital tuner and memory for 100 presets is really nice. 
173. Much better than my old Radio Shack SW radio I used to take.The digital tuner and memory for 100 presets is really nice. 
174. My radio came with an extra antenna, pleather case and a SW handbook. 
175. Best AM radio I have ever heard. 
176. This is the best SW radio you can buy for under $150 but it does lack a few features that would have made it the best radio ever. 
177. This is the best SW radio you can buy for under $150 but it does lack a few features that would have made it the best radio ever. 
178. The Kaito 1103 is a superior radio because of these features and matches the performance of the Sony except maybe for bringing in distant AM stations. 
179. This radio was perfect in every way with one exception.  
180. I suspect this radio gets good reviews from people who have spent the extra money on a well-known brand and don't like to think they made a hundred-dollar mistake. 
181. I'm one of those people, and believe me, it was a dumb move.The radio performs adequately--not great, but it does what radios do. 
182. Walk out with an equally good radio and a hundred bucks in your pocket.
183. my buddy is a HAM guy from way back, he played with this radio several hours and claims it is top notch.Goes in my basement survival kit
184. The last remaining Sony shortwave radio is the miraculous ICF-SW7600GR. 
185. Radio Australia locked in with full quieting while standing by a window. 
186. We returned it as it was too difficultto operate and we got a lot of static when trying to tune in a station.I would not recommend this item to anyone.He has since found a Grunig at Radio Shack and is very happy with it.
187. This is the best shortwave radio I have owned this far. 
188. However,because this radio delivers, I am very happy with my purchase. 
189. This radio is the latest iteration of a product that has seennumerous revisions since the beginning of its development in the 1980's. 
190. I advise anyone buying this radio to spend a few moments with the well written manual, before turning it on. 
191. Side benefits will be the protection of this rare radio gem, and run down batteries. 
192. Wish reception was a little better and the scan feature wouldn't stop scanning after going through the 10 presets, and the tuning is a little hard to get used to after using a knob for so long, but so far, it seems to be a great little radio for its size. 
193. You'll be able to easily spot those for yourself.)If you do read and follow those instructions, this radio is quite easy to use and, by following these instructions (and also by reading some basic books about shortwave listening such asPassport to World Band Radio, 2008 Edition (Passport to World Band Radio)andWorld Radio TV Handbook 2008: The Directory of Global Broadcasting (World Radio TV Handbook)), you will derive maximum benefit from the radio. 
194. You'll be able to easily spot those for yourself.)If you do read and follow those instructions, this radio is quite easy to use and, by following these instructions (and also by reading some basic books about shortwave listening such asPassport to World Band Radio, 2008 Edition (Passport to World Band Radio)andWorld Radio TV Handbook 2008: The Directory of Global Broadcasting (World Radio TV Handbook)), you will derive maximum benefit from the radio. 
195. You'll be able to easily spot those for yourself.)If you do read and follow those instructions, this radio is quite easy to use and, by following these instructions (and also by reading some basic books about shortwave listening such asPassport to World Band Radio, 2008 Edition (Passport to World Band Radio)andWorld Radio TV Handbook 2008: The Directory of Global Broadcasting (World Radio TV Handbook)), you will derive maximum benefit from the radio. 
196. It must be clipped to the whip antenna.)Regarding AM performance, this radio is superb. 
197. Local stations come in, as expected, extremely well, both day and night (especially with use of the synchronous circuit) but what is unexpected is how well this relatively small radio receives long distance stations. 
198. Incredibly, in all this time, no other manufacturer has been able to design a radio even equal to this Sony, much less superior.Its construction quality is absolutely first-rate. 
199. But even this can easily and inexpensively be corrected by means of a cable available from your local Radio Shack that will connect the radio, via its line output jack, to your stereo system. 
200. The radio is very efficient with batteries; a set lasts a very long time and, of course, rechargeable ones can be recharged over and over again.The radio has over 100 memories (100 "regular" memories, 2 more memories for the alarm clock function, and one each for the bottom of each shortwave frequency band). 
201. (When you set the local time, the other time zone is automatically set as well so you only have to set the clock once.)Sony no longer offers a suitable AC Adapter for this radio. 
202. This adapter and plug can be bought at any local Radio Shack store as well as online if you wish. 
203. Great radio, especially compared to the Grundig that Radio Shack sells for twice the price.  
204. This is an excellent radio for the price. 
205. Reception is good, and I have been able to pick up a number of stations around the globe very easily (bear in mind this is short wave radio we are talking about, don't expect the same type of reception you get from FM!). 
206. The size of the radio makes it easy to carry around whereever you go. 
207. You'll have it in days.Add your own choice of earbuds/headphones if you want to enjoy stereo FM.You will then have the perfect little radio obtainable with all the most perfect added components in my opinion. 
208. With care, all this should last you at least a decade or more of high quality useage.If you are still in doubt, I suggest you join the Yahoo group for this radio as they are very friendly and have many many knowledgable members who have a wide background and experience in all the other possible choices so can give you a balanced opinion. 
209. A compact radio with excellent reception characteristics. 
210. This superb shortwave radio has one major fault: no 120 volt house current transformer.  
211. Universal Radio Supply has a proper transformer for 120 volts for this model at $19.95, but they do not ship to foreign addresses nor to P.O. boxes.  
212. If you don't mind using only batteries or are willing to add more to the cost of the radio, this is a very fine receiver.
213. My husband is really happy for this high quality.High standard and the sound is really clear :)He uses the radio everyday.
214. This ia an excellent SW radio. 
215. Mostly just got static on the radio. 
216. If you want a great shortwave radio, look to further.  
217. This is by far my favorite SW radio on the market.  
218. I purchased this radio after reading several reviews. 
219. I originally purchased the Sony ICF-SW7600GR from Amazon back in 2005 after looking off and on for a small portable shortwave radio for months.I'm not an expert in shortwave equipment or a DX nutter. 
220. I turn on the satellite radio (which throws off signal to your desired FM frequency) and put the Sony on the back deck in order to simulcast the music around my house.Overall, if you don't mind spending $120-$150 for a solid, well built SW portable radio, get your hands on this unit before they're no longer available. 
221. I've had a good time exploring the shortband radio waves, it comes with a great booklet on reception depending on location and time very useful.  
222. I'm new to radio, so I wasn't clue'd in on all the potential features a radio could have. 
223. This is a great radio. 
224. I was able to use the radio several hours for over a week before the batteries needed to be replenished. 
225. This is my first truely portable SW radio and it performs very comparably to my friend's Grundig Satellit 800. 
226. Since the radio is so small the speaker is a compromise and delivers o-k audio. 
227. I was really disappointed as this radio is supposed to be great.  
228. I am very happy with this portable radio. 
229. I am in PA and cannot get any Pacific stations at any time on this radio, nor any Middle East (I have ham radio rig with a long wire antenna and get both on that one---but that's another league). 
230. This has been a very high quality radio. 
231. Allows you to listen to ham radio and some military stuff. 
232. This radio has pretty wide reception---much wider than the typical SW areas. 
233. High quality radio and Made in Japan (which, anymore, is an indication of pretty good quality).
234. Thanks to the previous review posters on this Sony ICF-SW7600GR receiver.With a broad-spectrum coverage, light on sucking battery power, a BFO for SSB, FM stereo,and most important.... the synchronous detection.When the Sync-Lock kicks in, .... you will enjoy AM again.Amazon dot com had the best purchase price and a seamless delivery.Careful .... the radio feels a bit fragile.
235. Fine home and travel radio, even if that's travelling around the house or yard.  
236. The ICF-SW7600 GR fulfills what it promises to be: a high-build quality portable AM/FM Shortwave radio with excellent sensitivity on all bands. 
237. At the high price point of the Sony, I suggest you try the less expensive Kaito 1103.Update 4-5-07: If you don't mind a slightly larger radio, you will get better sound and sensitivity with the Kaito 2100, a rebadged Redsun. 
238. Overall I highly recommend this radio if you want to tune into exotic and far-away radio stations.  
239. No other current radio offers this feature as this price.  
240. The ICF-SW7600GR is a solidly built radio and offers outstanding sound performance.  
241. My main interest was to purchase a good shortwave radio.This radio cannot pull in the signal very well at all even after clipping an extension wire onto the antenna.I located an old Grundig YB305 portable digital shortwave radio to compare to the Sony.  
242. My main interest was to purchase a good shortwave radio.This radio cannot pull in the signal very well at all even after clipping an extension wire onto the antenna.I located an old Grundig YB305 portable digital shortwave radio to compare to the Sony.  
243. My main interest was to purchase a good shortwave radio.This radio cannot pull in the signal very well at all even after clipping an extension wire onto the antenna.I located an old Grundig YB305 portable digital shortwave radio to compare to the Sony.  
244. The old Grundig is far a better radio then the Sony.  
245. Here's a brand new Sony radio and I am going to have to see if I can get some warranty work to fix the problem.To compare the sound, I will say the Grundig YB305 is better.  
246. I didn't purchase this radio to trade it in on someone's old refurbished radio.  
247. If not, I will continue to use it as an AM/FM only.In the old days the radio could be brought to a Sony repair station to be fixed.  
248. The audio problem can be fixed by buying better speakers for a low price and hooking them up to any of the handy speaker jacks on the side.PS: If you live close to Maine, check out 7.415 WBCQ, the best and most radical alternative radio station EVER.Get this before shortwave radios in The United States become extinct.
249. Shortwave reception is strongly affected by atmospheric conditions but the radio has sideband tuning capability as well as a signal lock-on function which allows you to compensate for electromagnetic disturbances generated by sunlight. 
250. It is a VERY capable, full-featured SW, and other radio band, receiver.But...It eats batteries. 9 hours or so, in my experience. 
251. After trying .....with the included antenna and several add on antennas i was disappointed to find that this radio was less useful in listening to SW-SSB than the Sangean which has LOTS OF HOURS ON IT.  
252. And, the slight but noticeable delay between pushing the up or down frequency button and when it really locks on and you get sound againHad this radio been really sensitive and really pulled in the distant stations or really done a great job on SW-SSB i would have forced myself to deal with the controls.  
253. The reception on AM and FM is less than average compared with another average radio's reception. 
254. I can receive mainly Chineses stations and Australian national radio and a couple of American missionary stations in the few hours after 1am to 6am , without the external antenna. 
255. When you compare the grundig equivalent (YB 400PE) as in "Passport to World band radio" the main difference is sound quality.  
256. This is a classic radio.
257. Nice radio and perfectly priced for the radio features and abilities.  
258. To the only issue with this radio. 
259. I have not purchased a adapter from there yet but they seem pretty confident it works .This is a great radio and sony's decision to discontinue the noiseless adapter is just another in a long line of sony misses in recent years .get all the good radios that you can.
260. I found the radio easy to use, beautiful and good. 
261. This model gets very high marks not only from consumers who know little about SW/LW radios such as myself, but also from the Ham Radio community as a backup/portable/emergency radio.When the goof balls in Washington D. 
262. This model gets very high marks not only from consumers who know little about SW/LW radios such as myself, but also from the Ham Radio community as a backup/portable/emergency radio.When the goof balls in Washington D. 
263. C. finally collapse our currency or during any sort of emergency when there is no power, loss of conventional communications etc I am sure this radio will be worth its weight in gold.I think it is an excellent emergency radio and I am very pleased with it, 5 stars, I highly recommend it. 
264. C. finally collapse our currency or during any sort of emergency when there is no power, loss of conventional communications etc I am sure this radio will be worth its weight in gold.I think it is an excellent emergency radio and I am very pleased with it, 5 stars, I highly recommend it. 
265. However, I do listen to NPR hours a day and it makes for a great (albeit pricey) small radio- the reception is the best I've found (and I have a lot of radios!).  
266. Even better than before.Note: AC-DC converters create a distinct buzz on AM-Shortwave radio frequencies.  
267. I live in Florida and was looking for a small AA powered radio to have on hand during hurricanes. 
268. After reading many SW/DX review sites I bought this radio.So far I've found that all the positive statements about this radio seem to be true. 
269. I'm new to shortwave so maybe this is no big deal to most, but for $150 I'm getting alot of entertainment from this little radio. 
270. It's fine for talk radio, NPR, etc. 
271. So I ordered an ICF-7600GR.Basically, it is the same radio. 
272. Treating myself to this radio, a few years ago, it has served me pretty well. 
273. The radio is OK and it works. but this is a complicated machine and the user guide is not really help me.I have to go to internet to find some help.
274. In my opinion this compliments a Sirius Satellite radio for a complete radio listening experience.  
275. In my opinion this compliments a Sirius Satellite radio for a complete radio listening experience.  
276. After using this radio for one year, I can honestly say I this radio is Excellent  I use it  at work and it lasts 3-4 days on batteries. 
277. It does have some great weak signal capability.It also comes in a high quality case, features a retractable antenna, SW schedule booklet, and amenities in a product that I would not expect in this day and age of cost cutting.A major disadvantage is the local high power AM radio stations in my area cause all sorts of images in the LW band. 
278. Amazon delivers an outstanding opportunity to learn and enjoy shortwave radio with an instrument capable of reception ability, sound quality, and performance engineering.  
279. Really cool radio. 
280. With just a little more common sense and effort, this radio could have been great. 
281. The radio must be tilted back or you must look at the display from below for the digits to appear. 
282. For the price this is a great radio.Sony quality and performance.Sensitivity is good with the attached antenna and the syncronous detector makes SWL very enjoyable.  
283. Great radio, used daily in the kitchen for 8 years.Only beefs are mentioned in title.Volume control got dirty after about 3-4 years, they could have put an extra dime into a better quality potentiometer.The LCD time is not displayed when the radio is on and tuned to a station, only when 'Off'.Programming presets could be easier and more intuitive.Otherwise great sensitivity and good sound.
284. This is a solid radio with good AM and SW reception and compares well with my Grundig YB400PE. 
285. Overall this is a great radio.
286. I'd also recommend the yearly updated guidebook "Passport to Worldband Radio" (available at Amazon).
287. This is a nice little radio, but a bit overpriced.  
288. The radio is larger and heavier than I would like, but that is just a personal preferrence.  
289. Despite what some reviewers have said, I find this radio extremely easy to use.  
290. Even though it has some warts, I love this little radio and am happy with my purchase.  
291. Thinking that it was time to upgrade my 13 year old Sony SW radio, I went for this model. 
292. Sensitivity and selectivity are acceptable for the size and class of the radio, plus the variable attenuator has proven useful with the radio connected to an outdoor longwire antenna for HF reception or passively coupled to a tuneable mediumwave loop like the Kaito AN-200.I modified the sync circuit with superb results, with the synchronous detector finally proving its viability in both seek and hold operations for improved faint and overlapping signal reception scenarios. 
293. This radio has been a trusty old friend for the past several years. 
294. I bought it several years ago when I wanted to start trying out shortwave radio, especially when camping and hiking in remote areas.Since then, I've purchased numerous new toys like iPods, a satellite radio, and a couple table-top radios.  
295. But I always find myself coming back to using the old, reliable 7600gr.The great thing about this radio is its versatility.  
296. In a day and age when electronic gadgets skimp on seemingly unimportant details, this radio has it all.The line out is perfect for connecting it to a speaker system, filling my office with great sounding music.The attenuator is great for using the radio in interference-riddled environments like offices.  
297. In a day and age when electronic gadgets skimp on seemingly unimportant details, this radio has it all.The line out is perfect for connecting it to a speaker system, filling my office with great sounding music.The attenuator is great for using the radio in interference-riddled environments like offices.  
298. It also helps tremendously in focusing on weak stations that may be overpowered by stronger signals.The headphone output on this radio is phenomenal.  
299. Very full sound, clear with music or talk radio.  
300. With top quality FM stations, you can hear deep bass, clear mids, and crisp highs.The Standby memory function makes this radio a great travel alarm clock.Shortwave reception has been great for me. 
301. In the same time, two iPods have broken, my first satellite radio broke. 
302. The only thing it doesn't do well is serve as a pocket radio: It's just too big fit in a pocket. 
303. Carry it in a shoulder bag or backpack, and you've got great sounding portable radio.If you can get your hands on one of these, get it. 
304. It's a classic radio that Sony probably won't ever replicate.
305. This is a nice little radio.  
306. I also own a CCrane sw radio and the Sony 7600gr receiver is no better or worse than the CCrane radio.  
307. I also own a CCrane sw radio and the Sony 7600gr receiver is no better or worse than the CCrane radio.  
308. There is a old saying in Ham radio.  
309. The antenna is the most important part of any radio system.  
310. If you run a outdoor antenna on any radio you will always get a better signal and enjoy it more IMHO.
311. I was actually looking to replace my ICF-SW1, a shirt pocket am/fm/sw radio great for use while jogging, but they no longer make it, and it costs about $100 minimum to get it repaired.  
312. It is a good thing that Sony radios tend to work a long time because getting them repaired can be very expensive.This radio has everything, and with 100 preset capability it makes a wonderful traveling companion.  
313. The switches for fine tuning and antenna control are really amazing.Two things would make this radio close to perfect:  rechargeable battery or at least capacity to keep nicad batteries charged.  
314. That a/c converter costs about $22 at Best Buy or Radio Shack and does not come with the device.The other thing which would be so easy for Sony to include would be a digital recorder built in and programmable. 
315. The Reel antenna is included in both.If you are looking for a radio that can tune into weak signals ,provide SSB functionality , synchronous detection , variable attenuation to drown out noisy interference then this is the adio for you. 
316. I guess I should have just stuck with a basic radio without all of the bells-&-whistles.  
317. This was definitely OVERKILL for my needs.I have been very disappointed with the reception of this radio for simple AM & FM stations in my area.  
318. The radio fades in-and-out on all but very, very local FM stations. 
319. This is a really nice portable SW/World Band radio. 
320. Very nice radio. 
321. I loved this radio at first.  
322. That is nearly the cost of a new radio!  
323. I will never buy another SONY product.If you want an expensive disposable radio with neat features, this is the one for you.
324. And the single sideband also works fairly well, even if the trimmer pot is a bit touchy, at least on my radio. 
325. Since it can receive upper and lower Single Side Band frequecies, it can easily pick up ham radio operators.The FM stereo side has good sound qualities too.The only drawback to this radio is the method used to program the 100 presets. 
326. Sometimes I'd get a clear reception, but most of the time I have a mixing reception with beats, and the 2 adjacent stations are the Radio Netherland at 6165 kHz and the Radio Havanna Cuba at 6180 kHz.  
327. So this is a sturdy radio.My biggest pet peeve is with the darn Timer Standby feature. 
328. I was disappointed in the reception of this radio, I have a regular boombox type radio with a shorter antenna that picks up FM stations better. 
329. I was disappointed in the reception of this radio, I have a regular boombox type radio with a shorter antenna that picks up FM stations better. 
330. The bottom line is that it is a great radio. 
331. The radio does not come with an AC adapter, and the original Sony meant for this radio is hard to find. 
332. Using headphones with this radio is almost a necessity, and you will have to look for a pair with a sound quality that meets your needs, as the sound control on the radio is not versatile. 
333. However, if there's too much treble I can cut it with the tone switch.Overall I think this is an excellent radio, I just wish it went in for an update. 
334. If this radio had a good speaker it would be essentially perfect for my needs and would without a doubt be a 5 star unit.
335. So really a great radio. 
336. Being a ham, I have owned lots of radios and this one has high end features and out-performs many radios that cost several times the price.The one big drawback of this radio is that the speaker/sound is sub-par, but with headphones or using the line out to a good sound system this becomes a non issue. 
337. My search is finally over for a radio with perfect A.M. reception. 
338. It affords the average person a simple, straightforward and easy introduction to world-wide radio, which I find to be vital, intriguing and not-at-all replaceable by the World Wide Web.Tim BaralisCommack, NY, USA
339. If you are looking for a nice radio with functionality I would purchase this Sony before they stop their production which I hear they are going to do soon. 
340. I'm happy with this little radio.  
341. I bought the Sony ICF SW7600GR for two reasons: one, because for years it's been popular among radio enthusiasts (DXers and SWLers), and two, because it probably will not be available for much longer.  
342. This is the only shortwave radio Sony presently makes, and it may be the last the company will ever make.  
343. However, the antenna flops from side to side, which is ridiculous in a radio that has been around for so long.  
344. The key is to try both USB and LSB positions to see which sounds and works best.My main complaints about this radio are the display window, the tuning, and especially the audio.  
345. In my opinion, Sony's own $10 ICF-S10MK2 pocket radio has better audio quality.  
346. Clearly, the ICF-7600GR was designed for the shortwave hobbiest, and the whole package makes a nice little shortwave kit - radio with tilting stand on the back, soft case, reel antenna, and two booklets.  
347. It's batteries or nothing, unless you can find an adapter elsewhere.I placed the Sony ICF-7600GR next to my favorite Sangean ATS 909X radio and compared performances.  
348. That is a very useful feature that alone makes the Sony a respectable AM/SW radio.  
349. In addition, the controls on the sides of the radio are tiny and poorly labeled, so that people with either bad eyesight or fat fingers could have a difficult time using them.  
350. I would not have purchased it, except for its reputation; which is to say, I had expected a substantially better radio.The Sony's outstanding feature is its synchronous detection, which really does work wonders.  
351. It seems like a solid little radio, and overall I thought it was ok, but there were a couple of things that I didn't like. 
352. When I experimented with batteries from the bike lamp which was indicating weak batteries, and inserted them into the radio, I was able to listen on theresidual energy for a fair length of time.OVERALL: A good mix of performance characteristics for the price.
353. Quality radio! 
354. A radio is only as good as its antenna'sincoming signal, so for a SWL set to omit a passive means to boost signalsis regrettable. 
355. Don't they have the latest radio ?
356. FM reception is very good and this compact radio picks up many stations that are otherwise faint or beyond the reach of other, similarly equipped radios. 
357. My Kaito KA1103, for example, suffers from QC blemishes that aren't a problem with the Sony.Overall, the Sony ICW-SW7600GR is a terrific portable radio that will provide you with many years of useful service. 
358. The AM reception is simply amazing.FM radio of course always comes in perfectly and sounds great.Shortwave reception is wonderful, and you get SSB all for under $150.I wouldn't even compare this radio to any others in the $200 price range.Look to spend a bit more on other brands if you're looking for this quality.
359. I can't believe how good this radio picks up the stations, I work in areas where reception is hard to get, picks up am stations great, only if they would have put a better speaker.Great buy for the money.
360. Excellent radio. 
361. It is the only radio in its class with a synchronous detector and may not be available from Sony much longer. 
362. I bought this unit to replace my existing Radio Shack RX-396 (almost the same size as 7600gr) which is approx. 8 years old.  
363. But this is all nitpicking in light of pure tuner power; You won't miss the tuning knob when you get that one near-impossible station that no other radio you've tried can get.If you browse around the internet for 7600GR reviews from experienced radio technicians, you'll find that they essentially come in two categories: the first is "I kept having problem x with radio y, so I just went and got a 7600GR" and the second is "I spent more on my radio rig than I did my car, so when I needed a portable I got a 7600GR." 
364. But this is all nitpicking in light of pure tuner power; You won't miss the tuning knob when you get that one near-impossible station that no other radio you've tried can get.If you browse around the internet for 7600GR reviews from experienced radio technicians, you'll find that they essentially come in two categories: the first is "I kept having problem x with radio y, so I just went and got a 7600GR" and the second is "I spent more on my radio rig than I did my car, so when I needed a portable I got a 7600GR." 
365. So in reality, *This is the best shortwave radio under $500.
366. The radio certainly has plenty of features which should make for a good SWL radio.  
367. The hole size on the radio is slightly smaller than the 5.5mm plug that came on the adapter.  
368. Although I feel this radio is the best of it's class, there are a couple pretty bad flaws.First off they use very cheap potentiometers for the volume and SSB fine tuning. 
369. It is important to have a good SSB fine tuning control yet this radio fails miserably due to the cheap pots used.The second flaw is the sync detection. 
370. Turning off the sync detection restores the AGC but now you will have a distorted signal.There is no reason AGC couldn't be included with sync detection other than laziness of the designer, or more probably, cutting costs to keep the radio cheap, as is evident by the cheap pots used.
371. I love the "sleep" setting thatquietly will turn the radio off after a predetermined time, great for when youlisten to the BBC as you drift off, or a long winded numbers station.Its hard for me to say "get this, its better than the G3" because they are soclosely matched, but for me the selling point was that the Sony was just easierto use, more intuitive, with better manuals.If you want a versatile, well built, intuitive, multi-band world radio thatsportable, easy to power and sensitive, this one will not disappoint you.
372. If I never had a Tecsun or Sangean, I'd probably think this radio is incomparable -- unless you're talking about actually using the thing. 
373. Bought after searching the Internet for the best Shortwave radio. 
374. this little radio picks up a lot of FM stations...I picked up Havana Cuba and a French speaking SW station the first time I tried to get shortwave radio and I live in Midwest USA, and down in a valley with some big hills around me.  
375. this little radio picks up a lot of FM stations...I picked up Havana Cuba and a French speaking SW station the first time I tried to get shortwave radio and I live in Midwest USA, and down in a valley with some big hills around me.  
376. I bought two Igogreen battery chargers that comes with 4 AA batteries, and those batteries are supposed to be able to be charged up to 400 times....costs like $8 each, with free shipping...I have charged my batteries 6 times now.This radio has a light, clock, sleep function and alarm too.I have had this radio for about a month now, and haven't found anything to complain about, and I use it every day.I have ordered a Kaito AN-200 passive inductive loop AM antenna to put beside the radio to see if I can pull in talk radio AM better.  
377. I bought two Igogreen battery chargers that comes with 4 AA batteries, and those batteries are supposed to be able to be charged up to 400 times....costs like $8 each, with free shipping...I have charged my batteries 6 times now.This radio has a light, clock, sleep function and alarm too.I have had this radio for about a month now, and haven't found anything to complain about, and I use it every day.I have ordered a Kaito AN-200 passive inductive loop AM antenna to put beside the radio to see if I can pull in talk radio AM better.  
378. I would really like to get Coast to Coast AM radio station if possible.If you read the owner's manual it explains everything.  
379. This is my first shortwave radio.  
380. This radio, and the Seiko mechanical watch from Japan, and the heated kitty house (for my cat), are the best purchases I have made on Amazon.  
381. I like this radio a lot better than a Bose radio which would cost about six hundred dollars, I think.UPDATE:  The Kaito AN-200 AM antenna came today and I am going to return it, because I think the Sony DOESN'T NEED IT, it brings nighttime talk radio from Chicago and ESPN radio ACCORDING TO THE WEATHER.I GOT A GOOD AC-DC POWER CORD CHEAP AND IT WORKS GOOD for FM...ABLEGRID is the name of it.  
382. I like this radio a lot better than a Bose radio which would cost about six hundred dollars, I think.UPDATE:  The Kaito AN-200 AM antenna came today and I am going to return it, because I think the Sony DOESN'T NEED IT, it brings nighttime talk radio from Chicago and ESPN radio ACCORDING TO THE WEATHER.I GOT A GOOD AC-DC POWER CORD CHEAP AND IT WORKS GOOD for FM...ABLEGRID is the name of it.  
383. I like this radio a lot better than a Bose radio which would cost about six hundred dollars, I think.UPDATE:  The Kaito AN-200 AM antenna came today and I am going to return it, because I think the Sony DOESN'T NEED IT, it brings nighttime talk radio from Chicago and ESPN radio ACCORDING TO THE WEATHER.I GOT A GOOD AC-DC POWER CORD CHEAP AND IT WORKS GOOD for FM...ABLEGRID is the name of it.  
384. I only have one small complaint about this radio:  the AM band button should be closer to one's left hand so one can tune it easier.  
385. But, afterall it is shortwave radio quality. 

negative sentences : 
1. The shortwave sensitivity is so poor that most of the time the radio is useless as a shortwave reciever.  
2. Some people state it does, but obviously they do not understand that most of the forecasts they listen to are coming from the US;But in general, the radio is good.
3. I've been an avid shortwave radio listener since the mid-1960s and have had several radios throughout the years.  
4. Of course, no radio is perfect and this one does have its warts.The worts:1.  
5. This is a nice radio, but certainly not the best for the money.
6. Of course Amazon rocks with their return service etc.I also have a ICOM, Yaesu and other radio gear. 
7. The 100 programmable frequencies are more than enough to contain many favorite worldwide and local radio channels
8. I will update this review as I get further into its daily operations, but so far I am extremely glad that I was able to acquire this very fine radio right now.UPDATE: June 27, 2008:Having built and owned numerous Heathkits as well as Grundig/Eton and Kaito SW radios, I can readily say that this Sony under review is more of a SW radio with FM capability added on whereas the KA1102 is more like an AM/FM radio with SW capability added to it. 
9. I will update this review as I get further into its daily operations, but so far I am extremely glad that I was able to acquire this very fine radio right now.UPDATE: June 27, 2008:Having built and owned numerous Heathkits as well as Grundig/Eton and Kaito SW radios, I can readily say that this Sony under review is more of a SW radio with FM capability added on whereas the KA1102 is more like an AM/FM radio with SW capability added to it. 
10. I will update this review as I get further into its daily operations, but so far I am extremely glad that I was able to acquire this very fine radio right now.UPDATE: June 27, 2008:Having built and owned numerous Heathkits as well as Grundig/Eton and Kaito SW radios, I can readily say that this Sony under review is more of a SW radio with FM capability added on whereas the KA1102 is more like an AM/FM radio with SW capability added to it. 
11. Anyway, to make this short, I love this little radio and would recommend it to anyone.
12. Bottom line: when you buy a Sony radio (and maybe other Sony products) and carry it out of the store, don't expect Sony to stand behind that product that you spent good money for for more than a few months.  
13. I have been in ham / amateur radio for over 30 years. 
14. This Shortwave Radio fell significantly  short of my expectation.While it offered several unique features, and several shortcuts, some of may have beenmotivated by cost consideration.By any standards it is not my favorite
15. If you're addicted to all those non-AM & non-FM frequencies, okay, this radio is probably mediocre: bad reception, but inexpensive for what you get.  
16. I have just recently gotten into Shortwave listening, and this radio has been perfect for me.  
17. As a licensed ham operator I have a number of desk top receivers available to me that certainly perform much better than the Sony 7600GR but the initial price was quite a bit more too.I wanted a really portable radio for SWL and one that I could use for traveling and emergency type use.  
18. Bought this radio to use on board my boat for general FM radio reception and picking up shortwave weather broadcasts from the National Weather Service and Coast Guard. 
19. I think the Grundig 750 is more for serious DX'ers-but more bucks-so for what this radio costs its definatly worth it!
20. There are many reviews already on this radio, so mine will be short.I like Sony, I've liked all there shortwave radios. 
21. That's the other side of the shortwave radio equation, and also a fun project. 73's
22. It's even worse than my car radio! 
23. Over many years she has owned previous models of this radio and it has always been very reliable. 
24. Even though AM/FM music quality through the speaker is of ordinary quality, I would recommend this portable world band radio to anyone interested in a high tech radio at a reasonable price.
25. Even though AM/FM music quality through the speaker is of ordinary quality, I would recommend this portable world band radio to anyone interested in a high tech radio at a reasonable price.
26. Most of the tabletop models will perform better then any portable radio. 
27. She wanted a radio with different bands on it.  
28. After reading many favorable reviews of this radio, I bought one as an "upgrade" from my 1991-vintage Radio Shack DX-440.  
29. After reading many favorable reviews of this radio, I bought one as an "upgrade" from my 1991-vintage Radio Shack DX-440.  
30. Using ear buds helps, but the best option is running the line-out into an external amplifier.- Small, recessed switches on sides of radio can be difficult to find by touch and hard to operate.Minor negatives:- Battery life is average, plan on using rechargables.- Controls and features not 100% intuitive.  
31. As I write this in Colorado, the receiver is sitting on the floor with the antenna tucked away, and Radio Havana is booming in loud and clear. :)
32. However I generally use direct programming once I have located a station on the other radio using an Internet database. 
33. This is most likely a defective radio, but I have other complaints as well (hence, I took a refund instead of an exchange).Pros:-Build appears to be very rugged-The radio has a nice, professional look (glossy silver)-Generous package that includes a SW station book, comprehensive user manual, and an external antenna (but no AC adapter)Cons:-The synchronous detection feature did not work.  
34. This is most likely a defective radio, but I have other complaints as well (hence, I took a refund instead of an exchange).Pros:-Build appears to be very rugged-The radio has a nice, professional look (glossy silver)-Generous package that includes a SW station book, comprehensive user manual, and an external antenna (but no AC adapter)Cons:-The synchronous detection feature did not work.  
35. I also like the SSB on this radio and enjoy listening to ham radio operators communicating to other ham radio operators around the world and also commercial aircraft pilots communicating at 30,000 feet above you in the sky. 
36. I also like the SSB on this radio and enjoy listening to ham radio operators communicating to other ham radio operators around the world and also commercial aircraft pilots communicating at 30,000 feet above you in the sky. 
37. In my opinion this radio is much better then most of the newer radios presently being manufactured in China. 
38. The controls on this radio are not user friendly.  
39. Finally, the thumb wheels on the side of the radio are awkward to use. 
40. It's well constructed (not some light weight, cheap, thin and brittle plastic cased wannabe short wave radio.  
41. It's been on the market for a number of years, and keeps getting very high marks by such people as ham radio operators who know radios and know what to look for.Sound out of a small speaker is adequate - not worse than one might expect (and shouldn't expect much more).  
42. We bought ours primarily for emergency purposes in case of a wide-scale or extended power outage, but it's turning out to be "fun" for this former ham radio operator that's still kind of picky.Sensitivity is quite good.  
43. So to say it's otherwise a 5-star rating says a lot about how much I like the radio.
44. These two radios are the pinnacle of portable shortwave radio design but are now difficult to find new.  
45. The 7600GR with the AN-LP1 antenna will blow away any competitor in the portable shortwave radio catagory available new today.  
46. The sidebands on there are good and the knob on the side of the radio makes it hard to determine where to put it in terms of DX'ing.  
47. There is no problem picking commercial shortwave radio stations in China, India, Russia,VOA....
48. The radio also included the Sony AN-71 compact Antenna and a short wave radio station book along with the owners manual.  
49. The manual is available online and anyone interested in this radio should take a look at it.
50. I hear Sony has decided to get out of the short wave radio business.  
51. I have no friends who know what shortwave is, much less what radio to buy.  
52. I took a trip to my local Radio Shack and was not impressed with their selection.  
53. Read the instruction manual- operation of this radio is easy but not intuitive. 
54. If you are looking to primarily listen to music, it is the wrong radio for you. 
55. All in all for such a small portable radio, one couldn't do better!
56. Radio works great, but it is not intuitive to use. 
57. I lived in "bush" Alaska for many years and shortwave radio  was my basic human contact. 
58. It just doesn't get any beter than this, this is it, the radio that has it all.side bandsclarifierbig displarBunch of memerieseasy on the power comsuptionThe istrucion book is thick and complicated, but I think the hole thing has numerous fitures, I mayself can tell, it's thick because it's fun.ATTJose G Clariond
59. The battery level indicator does not indicate how much charge you have left - it only comes on when the battery is dead and the radio doesn't play.  
60. It's not that it plays poorly due to a low battery, the radio turns itself off.  
61. They often add noise which is what you DON'T want with weak short wave signals.In my opinion, with this, or any other small portable short wave radio, rechargeable batteries are the way to go.Amazon's current price ($128.84), if that includes shipping, is a bargain.This radio is a wonderful "starter" short wave radio, yet it is one that the purchaser will never outgrow.It is also the best small portable for MW (AM broadcast) DXing. 
62. They often add noise which is what you DON'T want with weak short wave signals.In my opinion, with this, or any other small portable short wave radio, rechargeable batteries are the way to go.Amazon's current price ($128.84), if that includes shipping, is a bargain.This radio is a wonderful "starter" short wave radio, yet it is one that the purchaser will never outgrow.It is also the best small portable for MW (AM broadcast) DXing. 
63. They often add noise which is what you DON'T want with weak short wave signals.In my opinion, with this, or any other small portable short wave radio, rechargeable batteries are the way to go.Amazon's current price ($128.84), if that includes shipping, is a bargain.This radio is a wonderful "starter" short wave radio, yet it is one that the purchaser will never outgrow.It is also the best small portable for MW (AM broadcast) DXing. 
64. I purchased this radio because I have other Sony products which I am pleased with. 
65. The buttons are solid, the radio itself is not too heavy but sturdy. 
66. I am able to pick up short wave radio stations from around the world as well as all the local stations. 
67. How do they make a portable radio this selective and sensitive?
68. It is certainly welcomed at this listening post.This is a sophisticated radio delivered in a classy manner. 
69. Many religious stations have popped up along withsome newly dominant Asian broadcasters.As a side note to this review, this receiver can also be used as a fairly accurate frequency counter.Maybe I need to get out a lot more, but nearly everything I use to pursue amateur radio has either inaccurateanalog tuning or dubious digital tuning without reliable accuracy. 
70. no comment very nice radio realy and very good signal , with battery can be use around 30 days with use daily
71. This is not a radio for the casual user/listener. 
72. If you want an AM/FM/Shortwave (plus Longwave) radio which is a superb performer yet won't break the bank, this is the one.I can flatly state that this radioSony ICF-SW7600GR AM/FM Shortwave World Band Receiver with Single Side Band Receptionis positively the finest compact portable shortwave, longwave (and AM/FM) receiver currently on the market. 
73. (It shouldn't take more than one or two CAREFUL readings of the instructions to fully understand them.)You must realize that this is NOT an ordinary analog AM/FM radio where all you do is turn it on, select AM or FM, and maybe change the stations with a knob.This is in fact a sophisticated portable communications receiver and thus requires a learning curve if you are not familiar with shortwave reception. 
74. It is still manufactured in Japan (for Sony by Towada Audio Corporation, a company located in Kosaka, a town in the Kazuno District, Akita, Japan; they actually developed the radio), unlike all other compact shortwave portables which are manufactured in China (or, rarely, in Taiwan). 
75. In that regard, this Sony radio is no better nor worse than any other. 
76. I pickup some interesting shortwave radio stations with it as I am new to it. 
77. Mostly religious programming but I have picked up Cuba, Russia, & China with some static but overall impressed with this radio. 
78. The only quibble I've got is that the DC power adapter (wall wart) for this radio is not readily available. 
79. There is not much choice in retail stores relative to this type of radio; so, its hard to compare fit and feel. 
80. My conclusion is that this radio does give more than adequate bang for the buck.
81. I never went on the search for an A/C adapter since battery life is exceptional and allows for more "portability" . . . since the Sony ICF-SWC7600GR is a "portable" radio after all.The radio itself is rather small; however, it's built like a tank. 
82. I never went on the search for an A/C adapter since battery life is exceptional and allows for more "portability" . . . since the Sony ICF-SWC7600GR is a "portable" radio after all.The radio itself is rather small; however, it's built like a tank. 
83. AM was a surprise and the radio has a lot more to offer, but I haven't had time to find them all.
84. With the adapter, the SW7600 costs well over 160 dollars, not small change for a radio that comes with a little tin speaker. 
85. This short wave radio in its price range beat out my Kaito- KA1103 which recently failed.  
86. Now for the fun part You can Google the correct one and maybe find a used one on ebay OR you can go to this link .[...]Just in case amazon is upset about links to 3rd party websites I think googling universal radio mw 41-680 will get you to a adapter that will work . 
87. I would also recommend a fold up PV solar panel that can charge AA batteries such as Goal Zero and others make to provide a way to power this radio and other small electronics, flash lights etc.
88. This model is the most recent version of a radio I bought ten plus years ago -- destroyed by hard use [children].  
89. The first thing you notice is that the whip antenna is not securely attached to the radio and moves around loosely within the plastic radio housing. 
90. All in all, the radio is just awkward to use. 
91. It does not seem to have very good nulls when rotating the radio, but that may be due to the small ferrite antenna.  
92. It was exciting tuning in radio stations out in the middle of the Atlantic ocean.
93. The 7600GR could very well be the last significant iteration of the Sony portable shortwave radio product line. 
94. But the 7600gr keeps on ticking.This radio is versatile.  
95. Living out in the "sticks" of western Arizona I needed a portable AM radio to received AM broadcasts. 
96. You will not find a radio that does as much as well as this one for less than 2-3 times the price.
97. The radio has great sensitivity and selectivity to bring in hard to reach shortwave radio stations. 
98. The radio has great sensitivity and selectivity to bring in hard to reach shortwave radio stations. 
99. Just like every other review about this radio.  
100. Though I've not recorded the actual time I can play before recharging becomes necessary, my sense is that it's around 20 hours.From my backyard on Long Island, New York, using the the radio's whip antenna, unaided, I have received stations from halfway around the world (New Zealand, Australia, Vietnam) as well as the Middle East (Egypt, UAR) and Europe.  
101. Was bought as a gift for my husband and he is unable to get any AM radio stations on it
102. But my main issue is with the audio quality - thin, cheap, and tinny, like an old transistor radio.  
103. The Sony sounds worse than any radio I've ever owned.  
104. This is unacceptable for a radio that costs $150 or more and gets rave reviews.  
105. It's also a reminder to take user reviews with a grain of salt.The Sony excels as a portable shortwave radio with SSB.  
106. If you could afford only two portable shortwave radios, or wanted to limit yourself to only two, I would say these are definitely the two to have.In the end, the primary description of this radio that comes to mind is, "mediocre".  
107. Sorry, ICF-7600GR enthusiasts, but this radio has serious flaws.  
108. My test for this was to remove the batteries from the radio after the dead battery indication appeared and inserting them in a bicycle incandescent lamp to check for any remaining power. 
109. If you want an inexpensive portable short-wave radio with AM and FM bands, this one is an excellent choice. 
110. The SW7600 has some outstanding features that no other radio in its price class can challenge . 
111. In addition to the radio, the box includes a portable shortwave reel antenna, a fitted vinyl case with Velcro closures, a shortwave radio handbook, a user's manual, a one-year warranty and other documentation. 
112. In addition to the radio, the box includes a portable shortwave reel antenna, a fitted vinyl case with Velcro closures, a shortwave radio handbook, a user's manual, a one-year warranty and other documentation. 
113. But as intimidating as it all seems at first, the flowchart-logical layout is very efficient, and anyone who's ever wished their radio had something more than just a Stereo-Mono switch to get a weak signal is accommodated in more ways than one.The seriousness continues when you pick up the 7600GR. 
114. They do not make this an easy radio to use.The other problem is the radio did not come with an AC adapter.  
115. They do not make this an easy radio to use.The other problem is the radio did not come with an AC adapter.  
116. All the other adapters listed for this radio appear to be the same size.  
117. Anyone who has had this radio for more than a few months will tell you that the volume and SSB tuning pots will get flaky. 
118. I'm sorry, but just because a radio has a "digital" tuner, doesn't mean we want to tune it by keying in numbers constantly. 
119. I haven't listened shortwave radio for years, and cannot make too much judgement on that. (3) It doesn't come with power adaptor.But, if one want to buy a GOOD shorterwave radio, there are not too many options.
120. I haven't listened shortwave radio for years, and cannot make too much judgement on that. (3) It doesn't come with power adaptor.But, if one want to buy a GOOD shorterwave radio, there are not too many options.
121. Very well, the shortwave radio is just what I need, although it is relatively long, but I like it very much, at present still learning to useAbove for machine translation
