
------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : watch, positive Score : 31 and negative Score :-7
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Tried everything but the watch cleaner since i dont have a watch.
2. But, it has made me loose some stones (such as the ones on my watch came loose that I was able to glue back on) :-(. 
3. Just make sure you use a waterproof watch, because the liquid does vibrate and create small waves.
4. Must say I was a little skeptical, however it cleaned my watch & sunglasses to brand new condition.. 
5. It did an incredible job cleaning dirt, grease, and grime off of a Casio Pathfinder watch I have worn every day for three years. 
6. I use this all the time. as well as cleaning my dentures and the normal items ie silver and gold jewelry  Iclean watch cases. 
7. I put my everyday watch in that I wear through dirt, sweat and grime. 
8. Note people -  please don't do like me and try to clean a watch, not even a water-resistant one. 
9. The glass of the watch became unstuck and what can I say? 
10. That watch became history after ten years of great service and cleaning but hey, I got me a really clean broken watch!!! 
11. It does an excellent job of cleaning dirty and tarnished watch bands and jewelry, although I pretreat with tarnish remover on some items. 
12. That does mean we have to run a few cycles to get all our jewelry through there since it's best to keep your various items from rubbing or touching during the cleaning process.This has cleaned rings, necklaces, a gunked up old watch band and more with great results.
13. With the New Trent Digital Ultrasonic I was even able to clean my watch band with the device they furnished.  
14. My ring and watch looked professionally clean as well.What I would improve:  I found the plastic tray not very functional when anything is put in it. 
15. It's impressive to watch, and a marvelous cleaning system.
16. I suggest you make sure the watch is water proof before using it in the CD-3800.The key point are that it cleans well and is very compact and does not take up very much counter space. 
17. So far I have cleaned my fiances rings, our sunglasses, and most impressively my old casio watch.  
18. I've since gone on a cleaning spree...a pocket knife here, my father's old watch there, earrings, rings...anything that's got delicate or extremely hard to reach areas (like the area under a diamond being held up by prongs on a ring) and marvel at how much gunk gets removed with simply hot water.  
19. It got my watch every bit as clean as the Jewelry Store did and saved me money.  
20. It flows off in waves and wisps, very nasty like and collects in the water.It looks pretty cool to watch too, a lot like when jets pass through a turbulent section of air and compress the air into a visible white cloud of moisture for a split second.This happens like, 10 times a second as powerful waves of sound shoot and compress the water into releasing air bubbles. 
21. I decided to put my leather strapped watch in, and after the same 480 seconds, my watch looked like new! 
22. I decided to put my leather strapped watch in, and after the same 480 seconds, my watch looked like new! 
23. I had just got the watch re-polished by the manufacturer, but it got dirty after a few weeks of careful use, and not only was the grime 100% off, but it looks very bright and polished.And then, my partner asked if he could put his metal bracelet watch in to clean it. 

negative sentences : 
1. I usually polish and buff gold and silver jewelry to retard tarnish and store in plastic ziploc baggies.Watch bands: Wrap the watch case in plastic wrap to prevent water seepage. 
2. I usually polish and buff gold and silver jewelry to retard tarnish and store in plastic ziploc baggies.Watch bands: Wrap the watch case in plastic wrap to prevent water seepage. 
3. The water was so dirty afterwards and my watch looked almost brand new again.I've only had this for a couple of months now and used it twice in that time for Jewelry and watches. 
4. I got this cleaner to clean my metal watch bands and other small items.  
5. I just bought this and used it to clean rings, necklaces, and a watch, and everything came out sparkling and like new! 
6. They didn't look dirty but it was interesting to watch the cloud of grime that came from the frame around the lenses.  
7. Does not clean too well with the watch guard or basket2. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : machine, positive Score : 38 and negative Score :-8
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
2. Pros:- Size of the machine is great; fits anywhere, easy storage- very easy to use; clear directions- great for getting extra shine on jewelry; good for quick cleaning, especially on links on watches-comes with a watch stand which is greatcons:- didnt see much improvement on small jewlery pieces such as rings/earrings
3. The machine is quiet, compact and easy to use.  
4. So when I got this machine, I took every single piece of jewelry out of my case and ran it through this machine. 
5. Great machine for cleaning all types of jewelry except those soft stones like pearls.  
6. The machine works well and is easy to use.  
7. Very pleased with this little machine so far. 
8. One cycle through this machine, in just plan warm water, brought back that 'look at me' shine! 
9. The machine is very quiet, nice and compact, and very easy to use. 
10. This machine is SIMPLE!!! 
11. It is the easiest machine to use and the instructions could not be clearer.  
12. Can not adjust higher timeOverall, this machine is great for all daily jewelry and regular cleaning. 
13. This jewelery machine does a fine job. 
14. This little machine is quiet, and works like a charm.  
15. I saw equivalent results back in India when I bought the glasses from Reliance Vision and they cleaned them using a similar ultrasonic machine. 
16. So, I got this little machine.  
17. I have to tell you that this is my first ever sonic cleaner and I can't believe I have existed this long without this machine!!  
18. This machine does great work on all of the things i need cleaned, also does great work on tongue rings.the only things i dislike is the description says it has a digital display- the display is only a little light on the bottom of the lid. also there is no timer, each cycle is only 3 min.
19. This little machine is great for cleaning the silver AND the gemstone, all withouth harsh chemicals.  
20. If you have ever had retainers, you know that they get gross over time, and this machine is amazing. 
21. I am amazed at the amount of dirt that comes off in the water using this simple little machine.  
22. This machine is very quiet and has good power too. 
23. The first item that caught my eye was the fact that it operates without the need for any "caustic" jewelry cleaning solutions - it operates solely with water, a very friendly GREEN machine. 
24. This is a great machine for cleaning all my jewelery, It works great and is quiet.... 
25. Like i said im new to this whole ultrasonic cleaning thing, but this little machine does the job as described.
26. It can be irritating when I am in the bathroom at the same time the machine is on.
27. This is a good little machine.  
28. It gives the bathroom a very calming very soft blue light.All in all a good machine that I recommend for usual jewelry cleaning jobs.

negative sentences : 
1. This machine is not too big nor too small for your daily jewelry needs.Pros:1. 
2. Thank you much for such small, effective machine cleaner that i can rely on from now on...
3. I will keep this brief.Cheaply made machine with incomplete instructions on settings, cleaning times, etc. 
4. Generally speaking, I don't use dish soap in the machine unless something is very dirty. 
5. Therefore, the CD3800 has helped to save me money.It has also saved me time, because I can put my mouth guard in the cleaner and forget about it.One con is that the machine is a little loud when running. 
6. My wedding ring and band is so shiny now - I'm very excited about this little machine.  
7. This is a horrible machine. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : items, positive Score : 82 and negative Score :-16
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. not a lot or it'll suds, just a bit will do.The only down side to the cleaner, in my opinion, is the basket it comes with to keep items from coming in direct contact with the interior metal surface.  
2. We like the baskets that come with it so that a good variety of items can be cleaned and protected as well. 
3. Actually be care full how you use it, as it may clean "too" good for some items.On a couple of items that had a lacqour finish on it, it cleaned the surface of all paint etc...oops!
4. Actually be care full how you use it, as it may clean "too" good for some items.On a couple of items that had a lacqour finish on it, it cleaned the surface of all paint etc...oops!
5. But I wanted to mention this to anyone that cleans items that have little stones that aren't secured in (like rings have prongs) to check the items before dumping the water out. 
6. That does mean we have to run a few cycles to get all our jewelry through there since it's best to keep your various items from rubbing or touching during the cleaning process.This has cleaned rings, necklaces, a gunked up old watch band and more with great results.
7. If the user is intending on putting items larger than eyeglasses orwristwatches, I would recommend a New Trent model with a larger capacity.Overall, I am happy with the unit and it's cleaning capabilities.kikasengr
8. The cleaning results vary,for the most part one cycle is enough, other items sometimes require morethan one cycle. 
9. I even used it for my glasses and it has trays for watches or delicate items that reduce the wave power.
10. Overall this is a great product and I would recommend it to friends looking to clean small items.
11. You can watch through the lid or with the lid open and can actually see the water get dirtier and bubbles of air pass through more open weave items.I found that the cleaner was very effective at removing layers of dirt--if an item was simply dirty running it through one or two cycles and then rinsing it with clear water worked really well. 
12. The items look like new when they are finished cleaning.  
13. One of the most-used and well-loved items in my house! 
14. Works great on most items using just water.
15. I'm having trouble shining silver items (trying to work out a good solution) but otherwise, it's great!
16. However it seems under-powered and usually requires two cycles to get most items clean. 
17. Has a little basket hold items in it. 
18. I would recommend this machine to anyone, who is looking for a cost effective way to clean small items, without needing heavy chemicals.  
19. I had no problems with more basic items, however.
20. I use this all the time. as well as cleaning my dentures and the normal items ie silver and gold jewelry  Iclean watch cases. 
21. Also, you can put a little rubbing alcohol in the water for items fouled with a non-water soluble product. 
22. The small basket is fine for most items and the included arch (for lack of a better word) is great for attaching watches and things you don't want sitting on the bottom.It does a wonderful job of cleaning and while not silent, it is much quieter than our old unit. 
23. Unless you have a specific need for cleaning large items, this is a good size that is easily stored.
24. If cleaning only diamonds and/or gold, mix a bit of ammonia into warm water with your dish liquid - this is what my jeweler uses and suggests.Place a dry cloth against the side as you empty any cleaner - this prevents water from dripping down and seeping into the circuit board.I've been very pleased with the results of this model, and recommend this unit not only for jewelry, but cleaning many other items as well.UPDATE: 10 months of regular use and still working very well.  
25. I have cleaned jewelry, eyeglasses, sunglasses, coins, CD's, an electric shaver head, razors, and small porcelain statues - all with wonderful results.I would recommend using Dawn or Palmolive dish liquid mixed with warm water for best cleaning results, and always check to make sure items are safe to be cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.  
26. I also use this piece to hang slender chains so they won't tangle when cleaning several items at once.I use a jeweler's loop to check jewelry prior to and after cleaning, and despite being very quiet it is quite powerful and does a great job removing grime and leaving jewelry sparkling.  
27. It does a thorough job of cleaning jewelry, and unlike my older model, it is large enough to clean eyeglasses and other items.  
28. Always check with your jeweler or one of many online sites to see what stones/metals may be safely cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.Pros:1) Very powerful cleaning ability yet quiet operation2) Able to safely clean antique items (use the shortest cycle and check for any loose areas prior to cleaning), unlike `sonic only' cleaners which may damage items3) 5 useful Auto Timed settings4) Cleans glasses and even larger items when the lid is left open5) Operating buttons located on the unit, not the lid - durable design6) 6 month warrantyCons:1) Does not heat water, which would be usefulThe New Trent CD-3800 is a well designed powerful ultrasonic cleaner with the extra feature of pre-timed settings - I'm impressed with this ultrasonic cleaner.
29. Always check with your jeweler or one of many online sites to see what stones/metals may be safely cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.Pros:1) Very powerful cleaning ability yet quiet operation2) Able to safely clean antique items (use the shortest cycle and check for any loose areas prior to cleaning), unlike `sonic only' cleaners which may damage items3) 5 useful Auto Timed settings4) Cleans glasses and even larger items when the lid is left open5) Operating buttons located on the unit, not the lid - durable design6) 6 month warrantyCons:1) Does not heat water, which would be usefulThe New Trent CD-3800 is a well designed powerful ultrasonic cleaner with the extra feature of pre-timed settings - I'm impressed with this ultrasonic cleaner.
30. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
31. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
32. I let the items stay in there for different amounts of time and neither of the time limits did anything to the things that were put in there. 
33. I noted some people are having problems cleaning certain items.  
34. Traditionally, I have cleaned my items the old fashion way, submerging them in a solution (detergent), or taking them to a professional place to get cleaned.  
35. Then save the jewelry cleaner back in it's bottle for later.This unit is a great size for small items and home use.  
36. WIth this ultrasonic unit, there is no more scrubbing.I have tried cleaning a few items with just water and detergent, and will have to try this more on future items to say how effective it is.  
37. WIth this ultrasonic unit, there is no more scrubbing.I have tried cleaning a few items with just water and detergent, and will have to try this more on future items to say how effective it is.  
38. It did a fantastic job of cleaning gold items and I even cleaned my divers watch with it. 
39. The convenience of being able to clean you items at any time, and at comfort of your home is wonderful.
40. It also gives you the convenience of cleaning at home, without the inconvenience of driving and carrying valuable items with you.  
41. Cleaning with the detergent also makes me a bit unsure about using chemicals that might be harsh on the different items thatPros:- Small footprint- Digital display for easy reading- Great warranty- Precise cleaning control, for a wide variety of items (jewelry, eyeglasses, and metals)- Uses water or filtered waterCons:- None at this timeConclusion:Overall this is a great product, when you want to get professional results of cleaning your items at home.  
42. Cleaning with the detergent also makes me a bit unsure about using chemicals that might be harsh on the different items thatPros:- Small footprint- Digital display for easy reading- Great warranty- Precise cleaning control, for a wide variety of items (jewelry, eyeglasses, and metals)- Uses water or filtered waterCons:- None at this timeConclusion:Overall this is a great product, when you want to get professional results of cleaning your items at home.  
43. Cleaning with the detergent also makes me a bit unsure about using chemicals that might be harsh on the different items thatPros:- Small footprint- Digital display for easy reading- Great warranty- Precise cleaning control, for a wide variety of items (jewelry, eyeglasses, and metals)- Uses water or filtered waterCons:- None at this timeConclusion:Overall this is a great product, when you want to get professional results of cleaning your items at home.  

negative sentences : 
1. Having thought my hard work was basically "lost" because of the decree of tarnish--I was very, very impressed.I cleaned a number of other items with it and each time the water got dirty and the item got clean. 
2. I think the 3 minute cycle is too short for most items so you have to keep resetting it..usually 2 or 3 times. 
3. I cleaned jewelry and other items and they came out very clean. 
4. Some stubborn stains or stuck-on items can take a couple cleaning cycles, but overall, this is a great cleaner.I give it, and New Trent five stars!
5. All the items come out sparkling.
6. For really dirty items, you will probably have to run the cycle more than once, but each cycle is only 3 minutes.  
7. I got this cleaner to clean my metal watch bands and other small items.  
8. I can see the dirt come off of the dirty items! 
9. But I also use mine for eye glasses, gun parts when I take them apart for maintenance, and other odd items such as race bearings and tools. 
10. Unlike a "sonic" cleaner, which uses vibrations only, we've trusted this ultrasonic on some of our more delicate items; a pair of antique eyeglasses (gently but thoroughly cleaned them), an antique magnifying glass with filigree and delicate handle (two cycles, one to clean the glass and filigree end, then turned the magnifier around to clean the handle with another cycle, leaving the lid open both times).There are 5 automatic settings - push the Set button for the pre-timed setting you desire, press On and let the cleaner to do its job - a function that's both helpful and practical.  
11. For really dirty items, you may have to run multiple 3 minute cycles.Great little purchase!
12. A particular ring with many stones had so much gunk that I never realized how beautiful it could shine.Most items only require one full pass in the Ultrasonic.It was such fun seeing my jewelry transformed.Very pleased!
13. It would work best with an item that is noticeably dirty or soiled and I had nothing in that condition.Using distilled water and concentrate, I noticed a big improvement in the appearance of some silver necklace chains and a gold necklace, while only a slight improvement with the other items. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : job, positive Score : 70 and negative Score :-7
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I use the Blitz liquid cleaner and it does a fantastic job. 
2. I haven't cleaned jewelry with it so I cannot share my experience on it, with my retainer, it does a decent job cleaning it. 
3. So I was disappointed in it's performance for what I needed.Great job on jewelry though.
4. I squirt a little household cleaner in with warm water and it does a wonderful job.  
5. I have only used it twice as of now, but so far it has done an amazing job. 
6. I did use it for cleaning our eye glasses as soon the product arrived and it did do a great job... especially noticeable around the nose pieces.
7. It does a terrific job on all of the above mentioned items. 
8. Really does a super job, jewelry &#34;sparkles&#34;!!
9. It does an excellent job of cleaning, including small earrings attached to the rack.  
10. On all accounts the cleaner did a fantastic job and my things were extremely polished and the fingerprints, and other unwanted chemicals were gone. 
11. The Ultrasonic Cleaner does an amazing job and has all the trimmings so to say one could want. 
12. I bought it to clean my glasses (it will get all that nasty gunk out of all the nooks and crannies of an old pair of glasses, plus leave the lenses squeaky clean), but I also found it does a great job on things like my electric toothbrush heads and the blades of my electric razor. 
13. Also cleaned my glasses spotlessly- did a great job of getting every tiny crevasse in the nose pieces clean. 
14. It did an incredible job cleaning dirt, grease, and grime off of a Casio Pathfinder watch I have worn every day for three years. 
15. It does a wonderful job on my dentures, quiet and small enough to fit nicely on the counter.  
16. Works well does the job in a quick manner. 
17. She loves it - it does an excellent job.
18. We've tried jewelry and eyeglasses and the cleaner does an excellent job.
19. I simply don't understand why other reviewers think that this unit does such a wonderful job. 
20. It does a great job.  
21. Would not want to be without it.It is doing a good job.  
22. GOT THIS FOR JEWERLY CLEANER & IT SEAMS TO DO A GOOD JOB.  
23. This does the same job as going to a jewelry store. 
24. This jewelery machine does a fine job. 
25. It does an excellent job of cleaning dirty and tarnished watch bands and jewelry, although I pretreat with tarnish remover on some items. 
26. This little gadget does a great job. 
27. Both my husband and I use it every 3-4 days and does a wonderful job on our dentures.
28. Does a great job at cleaning glasses, jewellery, etc. 
29. That being said, it does a good job of cleaning the jewelry.  
30. I still like the cleaner, it does a really good job, but I hope everyone gets to know that you need to look out for loose stones.
31. It does an amazing job. 
32. This cleaner does a real nice job on jewelry and partial dentures just using water.  
33. Also did a great Job on cleaning Sun Glasses.
34. It really did a great job of cleaning Jewelry. 
35. It did a fantastic job of cleaning gold items and I even cleaned my divers watch with it. 
36. They are doing a great job and you won't be disappointed with this item.Happy Customer,Air Force Combat Vet
37. It does an awesome job of bulk cleaning.
38. It does a good job and I like that the interior is stainless steel so it is easy to keep clean.  
39. I bought this to clean my glasses and it does an excellent job with water and a few drops of detergent. 
40. I also use this piece to hang slender chains so they won't tangle when cleaning several items at once.I use a jeweler's loop to check jewelry prior to and after cleaning, and despite being very quiet it is quite powerful and does a great job removing grime and leaving jewelry sparkling.  
41. It does a thorough job of cleaning jewelry, and unlike my older model, it is large enough to clean eyeglasses and other items.  
42. Does a great job on my wedding rings and Pandora bracelets.  
43. It did a fairly good job, but then it just stopped producing ultrasonic waves. 
44. It really does a great job!
45. I also used it to remove the dirt from my watch band, on which it did a very nice job as well.
46. This neat little product really does as good or better of a job of it like the pros, effortless. 
47. The small basket is fine for most items and the included arch (for lack of a better word) is great for attaching watches and things you don't want sitting on the bottom.It does a wonderful job of cleaning and while not silent, it is much quieter than our old unit. 
48. Haven't tried cleaning anything with it and probably won't but it's so easy to use and mixes stuff so well that it probably does a wonderful job. 
49. I can do as good a job with a baby toothbrush.  
50. This did a great job on solid gold. 
51. It does a pretty good job for my cleaning needs. 
52. I have most often cleaned my jewelry so far... and it does an OK job on 1 cycle but it does really great after 2 or 3 cycles.  
53. It's very compact, easy to use, does a GREAT job and I have found many other uses for it. 
54. I have been so happy with it, it did a great job cleaning jewelry, eyeglasses, and the like.  
55. It does a great job cleaning my rings and eyeglasses.  
56. Mostly I use it for my false teeth.. yep... just does a super job. 
57. I tried it on eye glasses and it did a good job too. 
58. It does a great job. 
59. Like i said im new to this whole ultrasonic cleaning thing, but this little machine does the job as described.
60. I purchased this unit for cleaning dentures, and it does a very commendable job. 

negative sentences : 
1. Im glad to have this device and now I can help extend the life of my watches, glasses, and even my razor heads.Overall it does an amazing job especially for the price and it works very silently. 
2. Does a great job, they've never been so clean before! 
3. This works, but I think a toothbrush and a bit of toothepaste does the same if not better job on jewelry. 
4. This product does work but I would not say it does a great job. 
5. Works great...does a great job on everything we have tried so far (not sterling silver tho) Glasses...jewelry..shaver parts...etc.I would recommend it to everyone.
6. This unit when not otherwise busy does a nice job on my collectables. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : time, positive Score : 39 and negative Score :-19
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The first time I ran the lid through several cycles, without a cleaning agent, and it looked as good as new now I run it through every week or so.In short this is a great little cleaner so be creative and you will find many uses.
2. But at the same time, it was also poor workmanship on the creators of my rings as diamonds should never fall out like this. 
3. It runs for several different lengths of time (90, 180, 280, 380,or 480 seconds) and it runs quietly. 
4. the item came on time which i was very pleased with but  it wasnt what i expected did not clean as good as i thought it would
5. Anyone that wears one knows that you get some white buildup on them over time, it didn't take out all the white stains but it did take out some. 
6. It's like it was the first time I put it on her. 
7. What I didn't like about it: Wish it had a longer time setting for really tough dirt I wish it were quieter but it is not loud, I couldn't hear it in the next room.This is a great product and works really, really well.  
8. And it was less than expected on my Adidas sunglasses (actually made them appear murky).The best results were achieved on the electric razor shaving heads and jewelry again with just plain water.The digital time selector was OK but I wasn't sure at what setting to use so tried various amounts of time.  
9. And it was less than expected on my Adidas sunglasses (actually made them appear murky).The best results were achieved on the electric razor shaving heads and jewelry again with just plain water.The digital time selector was OK but I wasn't sure at what setting to use so tried various amounts of time.  
10. I bought this mainly to clean my Mom's dentures and once in a while clean my jewelery.For the dentures it sucks about the only way to get them really clean is using bleach and running about 6-8 full cycles, for my jewelery (bracelet, chain and ring) it works great a few drops of soap and warm water and in 1-2 full cycles they come out shinny.After reading previous reviewers trouble with water on the bottom damaging the electronics I took care not to pour the water out in the first few uses and I was able to use it about 3 times with no issues, as I got more comfortable I pour the water out twice and it stopped working after the second time !
11. After a round of cleaning, they worked much better.I spend substantial time away from home with work in another city, and like this so much that I'm purchasing a second one for there.
12. They both love it and say it makes their jewelry look like new and takes very little time or effort.It might not be the best option if you want to just clean one piece of jewelry at at time since you do have to fill the tank and then empty/clean it and though that doesn't take much time or work, it's still a bit of a hassle for just one item.
13. They both love it and say it makes their jewelry look like new and takes very little time or effort.It might not be the best option if you want to just clean one piece of jewelry at at time since you do have to fill the tank and then empty/clean it and though that doesn't take much time or work, it's still a bit of a hassle for just one item.
14. Also, I'm one of those people who wears a couple rings, a chain with two pendants, and small diamond earrings all the time.  
15. It can be irritating when I am in the bathroom at the same time the machine is on.
16. I was skeptical about this unit until we used it the first time. 
17. I let the items stay in there for different amounts of time and neither of the time limits did anything to the things that were put in there. 
18. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
19. It effectively extended the razor's useful life because I wouldn't have otherwise taken the time for a really good cleaning of it. 
20. If you have ever had retainers, you know that they get gross over time, and this machine is amazing. 
21. I feel the cleaning power is sub par and it seems u need to run it for full time twice to even feel like it did something. 
22. Next time for sure I would buy a more expensive model and probably get what I paid for as I did with this one.
23. This product worked just fine the first time I used it. 
24. The second time I tried to use it the timer wouldn't work so I returned it. 
25. Having the option of a heater would be nice, but with a maximum run time of 5 minutes, filling it with hot tap water accomplishes the same thing.  
26. After each cycle, I could see dirt in the water, so I just emptied each time and put a little dish soap back in with the clean water.  
27. For example, I can adjust the cleaning time for one long deep clean as opposed to running the cleaner several times over and over again.  
28. The digital timer is great and the basin is large enough for two normal pair of my glasses at the same time. 

negative sentences : 
1. It is easy to operate, three buttons; on, off, and length of run time. 
2. Having thought my hard work was basically "lost" because of the decree of tarnish--I was very, very impressed.I cleaned a number of other items with it and each time the water got dirty and the item got clean. 
3. I will purchase a different brand next time.
4. Auto-set for 180 seconds  Rarely need more time than that..
5. I bought it to clean some old objects, and my wife was giving me a hard time about "another guy gadget". 
6. This is not enough time to clean much, and definitely not enough time to make a batch of Liposomal Vitamin C.  
7. not enough time for cleaning jewelry in one cycle.  
8. I'm giving this product two stars because I will say it arrived in good condition and worked for a short time.  
9. In just a short time they were clean as new.  
10. This seemed like a nice gadget to have and I have been looking at other versions for some time.  
11. I do like that it uses tap water, not a mandatory cleaning solution and also it has multiple time settings.
12. Over the course of time I have gone through many jewelry cleaners.  
13. I like the different time settings, just set it and walk away...............
14. It now just hums very low and  a visual inspection shows no vibrations (cleaning process) happening.I have been very busy and have not had time to return the unit, and I'm about 10 days past the return policy window. 
15. All my jewelry is clean in no time at all. 
16. This is not enough time to clean much, and definitely not enough time to make a batch of Liposomal Vitamin C.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : product, positive Score : 54 and negative Score :-5
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. That said, all of the specifications are the same for this product, the power, the vibration frequency and the timing options.
2. She wipes the tank out with hydrogen peroxide and dries it after jewelry cleansing to sterilze it before dental use again -- and the tank has shown no discoloration or wear.I would recommend this product to anyone seeking an easy and complete ultrasonic cleansing system to use at home.
3. Great product!!! 
4. I'm hoping it lasts long.Very happy and I recommend this product.
5. Great product.
6. What I didn't like about it: Wish it had a longer time setting for really tough dirt I wish it were quieter but it is not loud, I couldn't hear it in the next room.This is a great product and works really, really well.  
7. It has a longer than usual cord (for the product category) such that it needn't be keep right next to the outlet.The perforated tray and the curved, perforated stand make it easy to carefully insert and remove jewelry without tangles. 
8. However if the item had a true layer or layers of tarnish after running it through an ultrasonic cycle or two a little bit of elbow grease and/or a quick dip in a tarnish remover was necessary.This is an excellent product. 
9. The directions are easy to use and I agree about adding a bit of Dawn or other liquid detergent to really make the jewelry shine.Great product at a great price! 
10. I am quite satisfied with the product. 
11. I purchased this product to clean my technical pens.  
12. This product is a great thing to have.  
13. I will predict a rapid decline of the product after this.  
14. So, I purchased this product to make things easier.  
15. Instructions are useful and the product is easy to use.  
16. Okay product, very small and compact which fits better on the counter top. 
17. Great product. 
18. I'm sure this product does well at removing dirt should the product be visibly soiled.  
19. There is nothing wrong with this product, you just need to be sure you know why you are buying it.  
20. The Trent Ultrasonic cleaner works pretty well, I put a towel over it to reduce the noise when it's running, it seems to be a pretty good product for the price.
21. Good product!
22. I loved this product until it died this past weekend!  
23. Overall this is a great product and I would recommend it to friends looking to clean small items.
24. This is by far a superior product and was $20 cheaper.  
25. this is a complete waste of money the product does not work does not clean anything. very unhappy with the product. that's too bad cuz I really was looking for something I would do the things of this sAid.
26. this is a complete waste of money the product does not work does not clean anything. very unhappy with the product. that's too bad cuz I really was looking for something I would do the things of this sAid.
27. Cleaning with the detergent also makes me a bit unsure about using chemicals that might be harsh on the different items thatPros:- Small footprint- Digital display for easy reading- Great warranty- Precise cleaning control, for a wide variety of items (jewelry, eyeglasses, and metals)- Uses water or filtered waterCons:- None at this timeConclusion:Overall this is a great product, when you want to get professional results of cleaning your items at home.  
28. This product worked just fine the first time I used it. 
29. Great product and well worth the money!
30. Overall, this is a great product with a low price and seems to deliver everything it promises.
31. It is a great product for cleaning the rings and bracelets for my wife
32. I would definitely recommend this cleaner to anyone wanting a product that works great at a great price.
33. I've used this product for the last couple of months and I couldn't be happier with it. 
34. It seems if i use detergent it does clean the product, but not like deep clean.  
35. This neat little product really does as good or better of a job of it like the pros, effortless. 
36. After a few days with the New Trent CD 3800 Jewelry Cleaner,  I  believe it is a great product. 
37. This is a very convenient and straight forward product to use. 
38. I was very pleased with this product.  
39. Let me start off by saying this product does work for small tasks, anything with grime on it will take over an hour to clear off(plain water).  
40. I will try to purchase one more to see if it was just bad luck or there is a significant defect in the product.
41. I recently purchased this unit, and it arrived sooner than I expected.The product looks good, appears well made, is quiet,lightweight, and takesup little room on the counter. 
42. Nice product.  
43. Mom actually ended up getting three diffrent cleaners for christmas and returned the other two so it must be a good product.
44. Very nice, good functioning product.
45. Also, you can put a little rubbing alcohol in the water for items fouled with a non-water soluble product. 
46. This is a great product, works very well on jewelry.  

negative sentences : 
1. Product worked well cleaned my eyeglasses and my diamonds  both were sparkling clean would recommend this product  would not use the basket as this cuts down on cleaning
2. I have had one before (not a new trent product) and this one is much better. 
3. Bad product!
4. I also like that the product has a small footprint and it is not heavy at all.  
5. I bought this product less that one year from Amazon.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : glasses, positive Score : 57 and negative Score :-6
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Keeps my wedding ring sparkling and made my husband's glasses look so much better!
2. The glasses come out nice and clean and the lenses look crystal clear afterwards. 
3. I tried it on eye glasses and it did a good job too. 
4. Because the standard lens cleaning solution doesn't seem to really do the trick, and I think makes the glasses dirtier earlier than usual.
5. I found that even with soap my grimy work safety glasses could not be thoroughly cleaned. 
6. this device performed as promised, watches,jewelry, glasses, all sparkling and clean leaving filthy gray water in the basin at completion of the cycle.
7. Put in an old pair of glasses that was full of gunk in the nose pieces etc. 
8. Also cleaned my glasses spotlessly- did a great job of getting every tiny crevasse in the nose pieces clean. 
9. I bought it to clean my glasses (it will get all that nasty gunk out of all the nooks and crannies of an old pair of glasses, plus leave the lenses squeaky clean), but I also found it does a great job on things like my electric toothbrush heads and the blades of my electric razor. 
10. I bought it for my dentures but it cleans jewelry and glasses great!!!
11. My jewelry and glasses were clean, but it would've been nice if it continued working!!
12. There is an additional tray for earrings, glasses, etc. 
13. (Everybody wearing an Rx glasses knows how easy the nose pad could become dirty and how hard to clean it).I just use tap water and didn't try the dedicated detergent, which might be helpful.Overall, this cleaning tool does what it claims and it is very effective in cleaning jewelries and glasses.
14. (Everybody wearing an Rx glasses knows how easy the nose pad could become dirty and how hard to clean it).I just use tap water and didn't try the dedicated detergent, which might be helpful.Overall, this cleaning tool does what it claims and it is very effective in cleaning jewelries and glasses.
15. I consider it my own fault because I should have realized, if there are stones too soft to clean in it, glasses with a plastic frame and plastic lenses would also be.  
16. The cleaning basket is on the small side for large glasses.  
17. Does a great job at cleaning glasses, jewellery, etc. 
18. My first cleaning was my glasses.  
19. The digital timer is great and the basin is large enough for two normal pair of my glasses at the same time. 
20. Used it for glasses, and it works great. 
21. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
22. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
23. Worked great on jewelry and glasses.  
24. This is an amazing gadget, I've cleaned a number of items with it (including three pairs of glasses and several silver chains).  
25. This little unit is just the right size for eye glasses and a handful of jewelry. 
26. This cleans my glasses real good. 
27. Always check with your jeweler or one of many online sites to see what stones/metals may be safely cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.Pros:1) Very powerful cleaning ability yet quiet operation2) Able to safely clean antique items (use the shortest cycle and check for any loose areas prior to cleaning), unlike `sonic only' cleaners which may damage items3) 5 useful Auto Timed settings4) Cleans glasses and even larger items when the lid is left open5) Operating buttons located on the unit, not the lid - durable design6) 6 month warrantyCons:1) Does not heat water, which would be usefulThe New Trent CD-3800 is a well designed powerful ultrasonic cleaner with the extra feature of pre-timed settings - I'm impressed with this ultrasonic cleaner.
28. I bought this to clean my glasses and it does an excellent job with water and a few drops of detergent. 
29. I was surprised how small the unit is, although it is fine for my glasses. 
30. Also, I have cleaned my reading glasses and sunglasses in this little cleaner, and it worked wonders for the smudges and overall appearance.
31. It's big enough to clean my glasses and dentures and many other things!
32. As for glasses, I think it is great. 
33. The reason I bought this particular ultrasonic cleaner is I recently had to purchase a new pair of tri-focal glasses, they were very expensive. 
34. Also did a great Job on cleaning Sun Glasses.
35. I try to keep my glasses clean, but wow...the water was a murky color with all the assorted gunk that was removed from all the tiny crevices, edges, and joints of my glasses.A short while later, I'd plunked my wife's glasses into new water, and when it was finished, the water looked like something from a 3rd world country.  
36. I try to keep my glasses clean, but wow...the water was a murky color with all the assorted gunk that was removed from all the tiny crevices, edges, and joints of my glasses.A short while later, I'd plunked my wife's glasses into new water, and when it was finished, the water looked like something from a 3rd world country.  

negative sentences : 
1. Works great...does a great job on everything we have tried so far (not sterling silver tho) Glasses...jewelry..shaver parts...etc.I would recommend it to everyone.
2. Because the ultrasonic is 30% less effective when using the plastic basket - I leave my jewelry in longer.I haven't used it on any other things yet - will try my glasses once it gets dirty.
3. If you have large glasses they will not be fully immersed in the water. 
4. It was amazing at how much gunk was on her glasses!
5. It removes the debris from the eye pads and other nooks and crannies on glasses that are otherwise unreachable with a rag.
6. I have cleaned (plastic) glasses and frames with less positive results. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : unit, positive Score : 79 and negative Score :-17
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. This brand new unit broke within two weeks. 
2. I don't think I would buy this brand again, as it's less than a year old and already not functioning properly.January 16, 2012 Update:  The unit stopped working entirely a few weeks ago. 
3. And the footprint he unit makes is surprisingly small. 
4. It is a higher quality unit than I expected.  
5. The unit only takes about a drinking glass worth of water but the ovoid shape of the chamber creates a great capacity.Operation is ridiculously simple--put water in, put jewelry in, close lid, plug in unit, choose cycle length and press "on." 
6. This unit is a very good ultrasonic cleaner. 
7. The unit is a nice  size and fit very well on my vanity countertop.  
8. The unit itself is small and stows nicely in a cupboard, although it would probably fit into a medium sized drawer too.I'm quite happy that I bought it.
9. Overall this is a good unit for the price!
10. The last ultrasonic unit I owned was intended to keep technical drawing pens free of dried ink. 
11. The unit works fantastic and does all and more then I expected. 
12. If the user is intending on putting items larger than eyeglasses orwristwatches, I would recommend a New Trent model with a larger capacity.Overall, I am happy with the unit and it's cleaning capabilities.kikasengr
13. Still a good unit for the price!
14. To their credit, they offered to send me a new unit once I returned the original one to them (at their expense). 
15. I'll post an update after I get the new unit and use it.
16. Long story short, this thing will be heading back on the next UPS truck and I'll have to decide whether I buy a higher end unit or stick to the old fashioned tedious methods of cleaning my silver.
17. Much better than the unit it replaced. would recommend it to others.
18. Received my CD-3800 from Amazon and was amazed at the ability of the unit to clean objects. 
19. I simply don't understand why other reviewers think that this unit does such a wonderful job. 
20. Buy a unit with at least 150W of power. 
21. If you're really serious about getting an ultrasonic cleaner, don't waste your money on a low end unit like this one. 
22. I did like that the unit was quiet, unobtrusive and the LED lighting was a nice touch to show it off while functioning.
23. Something that might have been nice on this unit would be to have a beep or some kind of noise when the 3 minute cycle was over. 
24. I thought this unit had a good price, it arrived quickly and works well.  
25. So we ran it through a cycle on the ultrasonic cleaner and when he tried to listen to it later it worked perfectly.The NewTrent CD-7810 is a nice overall unit.  
26. I received this unit last year for Christmas and it has already fallen apart.  
27. Water leaked into the electrical unit, though I can not find the point of entry, and shorted out the motor.  
28. I especially like that the unit is quite small in size and lightweight, something taking up very little room on a bathroom counter or dresser top or even stored in your dresser drawer.  
29. I also found that the bottom of the unit got relatively hot after multiple cycles. 
30. I was skeptical about this unit until we used it the first time. 
31. Always check with your jeweler or one of many online sites to see what stones/metals may be safely cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.Pros:1) Very powerful cleaning ability yet quiet operation2) Able to safely clean antique items (use the shortest cycle and check for any loose areas prior to cleaning), unlike `sonic only' cleaners which may damage items3) 5 useful Auto Timed settings4) Cleans glasses and even larger items when the lid is left open5) Operating buttons located on the unit, not the lid - durable design6) 6 month warrantyCons:1) Does not heat water, which would be usefulThe New Trent CD-3800 is a well designed powerful ultrasonic cleaner with the extra feature of pre-timed settings - I'm impressed with this ultrasonic cleaner.
32. Very good unit for the money.
33. This unit is so easy to use, I will probably use it every week.  
34. The unit is very quiet. 
35. This little unit is just the right size for eye glasses and a handful of jewelry. 
36. This little unit really shined when I got some Tarn-x to go in the tank with the water. about a cap full will whiten almost anything and cleat out the gunk in the longest cycle setting. 
37. Well this cleaner didn't make a dent in it as far as I could tell.After these tests my conclusion is that this is a great, inexpensive unit for routine cleaning but don't expect miracles from it. 
38. It was great for jewelry and rings, but not much beyond that fit the unit.The controls were easy to use. 
39. It is noticeable, but not overally loud.The size of the unit is nice overall, but is too small if you are trying to clean silverware, as is recommended. 
40. I take my rings off regularly (to put on lotion, or hair stuff) and I put them right into the unit and give it a quick spin (default is 3min).  
41. The unit is so simple to use. 
42. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
43. The unit is very quiet while operating, and has an auto shut off at 3 minutes so you can walk away while it's cleaning.This unit comes with a white plastic basket to place your items in.  
44. The unit is very quiet while operating, and has an auto shut off at 3 minutes so you can walk away while it's cleaning.This unit comes with a white plastic basket to place your items in.  
45. While labeled as a professional unit, this is an affordable home model.I would stress again, please check an online listing for stones and settings that are safe to use in a sonic cleaner, or ask your jeweler.After rinsing in a tightly closed sink you can place your jewelry on white tissue paper (the type gifts are wrapped in) to dry - it is very lint free.  
46. Overall this is a good unit for light cleaning. 
47. Using the included tray, I put all my rings and necklaces in, including pieces that are silver, yellow gold, and white gold with diamonds, and used a teaspoon of detergent in the water, and then put the unit on the longest mode, which is 480 seconds (available modes: 90 - 180 - 280 - 380 - 480 seconds). 
48. Pros: The price is lower than i would expect for something like this, it just works, works quickly (within minutes), not too loud, uses just water (add mild dish soap for better results, you can even buy specialized solution for these things, but im assuming that you would have a more expensive unit if you were going to order the special solutions. 
49. I added a little warm water to the unit and a touch of "Dawn" dish soap, and it cleaned everything to a shine. 
50. The small basket is fine for most items and the included arch (for lack of a better word) is great for attaching watches and things you don't want sitting on the bottom.It does a wonderful job of cleaning and while not silent, it is much quieter than our old unit. 
51. I must say that this one is far superior to the old unit. 
52. I recently acquired a Newtrent CD3800 cleaner and my first impression on opening the box was how compact the unit was. 
53. Then save the jewelry cleaner back in it's bottle for later.This unit is a great size for small items and home use.  
54. WIth this ultrasonic unit, there is no more scrubbing.I have tried cleaning a few items with just water and detergent, and will have to try this more on future items to say how effective it is.  
55. Especially her  Swarivosky crystal necklaces, they look fantastic.The directions that came with the unit are clear and easy to follow - there are five automatic settings, which have handled everything we have used it on. 
56. I tested this unit for several days and was very impressed. 
57. So far, I can recommend this unit for basic cleaning.
58. I was surprised how small the unit is, although it is fine for my glasses. 

negative sentences : 
1. This unit when not otherwise busy does a nice job on my collectables. 
2. I am not sure if my jewelry cleaner was a defective unit, but I guess you get what you pay for.
3. I have used it approximately once a month since last December, but now that the lid has cracked (which happened about 3 months) and is falling off I am unable to use the unit.  
4. Using filtered tap water and a drop of dish soap in this unit, the razor comes out sparkling clean after 1 or 2 cycles. 
5. At the very least, the top of the unit needs to be redesigned either to make it impossible to overfill with water, or to eliminate the poor seal that exists between the metal and the plastic.
6. Bad unit. 
7. It replaced a battery driven unit that didn't last very long. 
8. Maybe this is a defective unit, I don't know. 
9. I almost didn't notice and down the drain they would have gone.I do wish that you had the option for a timer, not just the 3 minute having to press the on button to want it to run again.******** 1 months of use Update ********I wanted to update to give everyone who is thinking about purchasing this unit, or any other sonic cleaner. one tip KEEP AN EYE ON YOUR STONES! 
10. I can not say more beyond what I have already stated other then if you are looking for such a unit, I believe there is none that can match the New Trent CD-3800 Ultrasonic machine.  
11. I have nothing to compare it against but I feel this unit definitely needs more power. 
12. I know some more expensive units you can adjust the frequency of the sound, as to create different cleaning effects like a harder scrub and a more gentler scrub that gets into small places better). comes with a watch and ring/cd rack and a plastic rack to put everything in, clear plastic top. auto timersCons: It seeems a bit plasticy, but this is not an expensive unit, most things you should run through for 2-3 cycles, the longsest cycle is only a 480 seconds, can be a little noisy at times (seems only after you have been cleaning for a while after 7-10 cycles),Reomendations: Longer timers, choice of bigger sizes/colors, frequency selector,This unit was surprisingly powerful for the price and size. 
13. I know some more expensive units you can adjust the frequency of the sound, as to create different cleaning effects like a harder scrub and a more gentler scrub that gets into small places better). comes with a watch and ring/cd rack and a plastic rack to put everything in, clear plastic top. auto timersCons: It seeems a bit plasticy, but this is not an expensive unit, most things you should run through for 2-3 cycles, the longsest cycle is only a 480 seconds, can be a little noisy at times (seems only after you have been cleaning for a while after 7-10 cycles),Reomendations: Longer timers, choice of bigger sizes/colors, frequency selector,This unit was surprisingly powerful for the price and size. 
14. Although I may of just been unlucky and received a defective unit ( I certainly did) I am still unhappy. 
15. I  highly recommend the CD-3800 if all you need is a unit that does not require larger than 1 pint capacity.I rate it a 5 out of 5
16. But when I plugged it into our Duracell modified sinewave inverter ([...] it blew out in less than ten minutes.I'll be taking is apart to see if there is any user serviceable parts to get it up and running again, though I kinda doubt it.One thing I really did not like about this unit is the lousy lid on it. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : cleaning, positive Score : 148 and negative Score :-27
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
2. One cleaning make s a big difference. 
3. But it's really gotten a lot of use with my vintage and modern fountain pens.I'd read on several blogs about cleaning out fountain pens, the nib and feed sections, with an ultrasonic cleaner but hadn't thought to try it.  
4. It's impressive to watch, and a marvelous cleaning system.
5. It effectively extended the razor's useful life because I wouldn't have otherwise taken the time for a really good cleaning of it. 
6. Well this cleaner didn't make a dent in it as far as I could tell.After these tests my conclusion is that this is a great, inexpensive unit for routine cleaning but don't expect miracles from it. 
7. It works so good, I found myself cleaning all her jewelry for her because it was fun.
8. It is a great product for cleaning the rings and bracelets for my wife
9. This little machine is great for cleaning the silver AND the gemstone, all withouth harsh chemicals.  
10. The CD-3800 is the right size for all our cleaning needs. 
11. It helps *immensely* to use a good jewelry cleaning solution or at the very least a bit of dish soap.I gave 4 stars on the product alone, however I would have like to have seen a metal basket or at least had the option to buy one. 
12. It has different modes for different level of dirtiness, but Ive found the lowest 180 second cleaning cycle has been long enough for everything.  
13. Both devices are quiet and great for cleaning jewelry. 
14. I've used it once so far to test out the cleaning power and it is fantastic!  
15. It's surprisingly powerful.This cleaner has five pre-timed settings, which I have to admit are handy, but this ultrasonic's cleaning power is what has really impressed me and my family.  
16. Always check with your jeweler or one of many online sites to see what stones/metals may be safely cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.Pros:1) Very powerful cleaning ability yet quiet operation2) Able to safely clean antique items (use the shortest cycle and check for any loose areas prior to cleaning), unlike `sonic only' cleaners which may damage items3) 5 useful Auto Timed settings4) Cleans glasses and even larger items when the lid is left open5) Operating buttons located on the unit, not the lid - durable design6) 6 month warrantyCons:1) Does not heat water, which would be usefulThe New Trent CD-3800 is a well designed powerful ultrasonic cleaner with the extra feature of pre-timed settings - I'm impressed with this ultrasonic cleaner.
17. Always check with your jeweler or one of many online sites to see what stones/metals may be safely cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.Pros:1) Very powerful cleaning ability yet quiet operation2) Able to safely clean antique items (use the shortest cycle and check for any loose areas prior to cleaning), unlike `sonic only' cleaners which may damage items3) 5 useful Auto Timed settings4) Cleans glasses and even larger items when the lid is left open5) Operating buttons located on the unit, not the lid - durable design6) 6 month warrantyCons:1) Does not heat water, which would be usefulThe New Trent CD-3800 is a well designed powerful ultrasonic cleaner with the extra feature of pre-timed settings - I'm impressed with this ultrasonic cleaner.
18. It does a thorough job of cleaning jewelry, and unlike my older model, it is large enough to clean eyeglasses and other items.  
19. I also use this piece to hang slender chains so they won't tangle when cleaning several items at once.I use a jeweler's loop to check jewelry prior to and after cleaning, and despite being very quiet it is quite powerful and does a great job removing grime and leaving jewelry sparkling.  
20. I also use this piece to hang slender chains so they won't tangle when cleaning several items at once.I use a jeweler's loop to check jewelry prior to and after cleaning, and despite being very quiet it is quite powerful and does a great job removing grime and leaving jewelry sparkling.  
21. I have cleaned jewelry, eyeglasses, sunglasses, coins, CD's, an electric shaver head, razors, and small porcelain statues - all with wonderful results.I would recommend using Dawn or Palmolive dish liquid mixed with warm water for best cleaning results, and always check to make sure items are safe to be cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.  
22. If cleaning only diamonds and/or gold, mix a bit of ammonia into warm water with your dish liquid - this is what my jeweler uses and suggests.Place a dry cloth against the side as you empty any cleaner - this prevents water from dripping down and seeping into the circuit board.I've been very pleased with the results of this model, and recommend this unit not only for jewelry, but cleaning many other items as well.UPDATE: 10 months of regular use and still working very well.  
23. If cleaning only diamonds and/or gold, mix a bit of ammonia into warm water with your dish liquid - this is what my jeweler uses and suggests.Place a dry cloth against the side as you empty any cleaner - this prevents water from dripping down and seeping into the circuit board.I've been very pleased with the results of this model, and recommend this unit not only for jewelry, but cleaning many other items as well.UPDATE: 10 months of regular use and still working very well.  
24. I noted some people are having problems cleaning certain items.  
25. Be sure to by the cleaning liquid to go in it.  
26. Cleaning with the detergent also makes me a bit unsure about using chemicals that might be harsh on the different items thatPros:- Small footprint- Digital display for easy reading- Great warranty- Precise cleaning control, for a wide variety of items (jewelry, eyeglasses, and metals)- Uses water or filtered waterCons:- None at this timeConclusion:Overall this is a great product, when you want to get professional results of cleaning your items at home.  
27. Cleaning with the detergent also makes me a bit unsure about using chemicals that might be harsh on the different items thatPros:- Small footprint- Digital display for easy reading- Great warranty- Precise cleaning control, for a wide variety of items (jewelry, eyeglasses, and metals)- Uses water or filtered waterCons:- None at this timeConclusion:Overall this is a great product, when you want to get professional results of cleaning your items at home.  
28. So far, I can recommend this unit for basic cleaning.
29. Some will say you need to add special silver cleaning solvent to make it take the tarnish off.  
30. It does an awesome job of bulk cleaning.
31. The cleaner creates excellent ultrasonic waves in water to provide great cleaning.  
32. It did a fantastic job of cleaning gold items and I even cleaned my divers watch with it. 
33. It really did a great job of cleaning Jewelry. 
34. Also did a great Job on cleaning Sun Glasses.
35. The first item that caught my eye was the fact that it operates without the need for any "caustic" jewelry cleaning solutions - it operates solely with water, a very friendly GREEN machine. 
36. When really goopy jewelry needs cleaning adding some Blitz to this water really kicks it into high gear.  
37. This is a great machine for cleaning all my jewelery, It works great and is quiet.... 
38. I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for compact digital ultrasonic cleaning system.
39. WIth this ultrasonic unit, there is no more scrubbing.I have tried cleaning a few items with just water and detergent, and will have to try this more on future items to say how effective it is.  
40. Unless you have a specific need for cleaning large items, this is a good size that is easily stored.
41. I go to the mall, endure the &#34;free&#34; cleaning that comes with a sales pitch, and it looks like new, for a couple of weeks. 
42. Very quiet and very thorough, cleaning caked on stuff very well.
43. The small basket is fine for most items and the included arch (for lack of a better word) is great for attaching watches and things you don't want sitting on the bottom.It does a wonderful job of cleaning and while not silent, it is much quieter than our old unit. 
44. My first cleaning was my glasses.  
45. Like i said im new to this whole ultrasonic cleaning thing, but this little machine does the job as described.
46. This cleaner works quite well, and you don't have to buy cleaning solution, which is a real bonus. 
47. At first, I was hesitant to put my engagement and wedding rings inside, but after just 6 minutes of cleaning, they looked absolutely brand new.  
48. It works great with just water, and for deep cleaning, you can put a teaspoon of detergent in the water. 
49. Jewelry comes out clean and sparkly.I don't use the insert bucket it came with, as for me the end cleaning result is not satisfactory enough.  
50. It gives the bathroom a very calming very soft blue light.All in all a good machine that I recommend for usual jewelry cleaning jobs.
51. It does a great job cleaning my rings and eyeglasses.  
52. I have been so happy with it, it did a great job cleaning jewelry, eyeglasses, and the like.  
53. These little machines are  great for cleaning out the uckies from jewelry and glasses.  
54. It does a pretty good job for my cleaning needs. 
55. Because the standard lens cleaning solution doesn't seem to really do the trick, and I think makes the glasses dirtier earlier than usual.
56. Overall this is a good unit for light cleaning. 
57. You may have to run multiple cycles to get a good cleaning but given the price it is a good value. 
58. The cleaning results vary,for the most part one cycle is enough, other items sometimes require morethan one cycle. 
59. The wife is very happy and has been cleaning all of her jewelry in it. 
60. It did an incredible job cleaning dirt, grease, and grime off of a Casio Pathfinder watch I have worn every day for three years. 
61. Hot water and a drop or two of dish soap is my preferred cleaning solution. 
62. It does an excellent job of cleaning, including small earrings attached to the rack.  
63. If using for cleaning pistol parts BE CAREFUL with painted parts.  
64. The sonic current is so strong it will cause the item to bounce/scrape against the basket during the cleaning process causing minor scratches on the jewelry. 
65. Works great, and cleaning it is easy.
66. Pros:- Size of the machine is great; fits anywhere, easy storage- very easy to use; clear directions- great for getting extra shine on jewelry; good for quick cleaning, especially on links on watches-comes with a watch stand which is greatcons:- didnt see much improvement on small jewlery pieces such as rings/earrings
67. You can get light dirt off with one cleaning but to get the more stuck on things and oils, etc. you need to run the cleaner several times with a bit of detergent. 
68. It worked good enough, cleaning my snoring mouthpiece, about once a week.  
69. This little cleaner is great for cleaning eyeglasses and jewelry.  
70. We bought the wedding ring on the web and, although it offers free cleaning service, it takes some effort to mail the ring for cleaning. 
71. (Everybody wearing an Rx glasses knows how easy the nose pad could become dirty and how hard to clean it).I just use tap water and didn't try the dedicated detergent, which might be helpful.Overall, this cleaning tool does what it claims and it is very effective in cleaning jewelries and glasses.
72. (Everybody wearing an Rx glasses knows how easy the nose pad could become dirty and how hard to clean it).I just use tap water and didn't try the dedicated detergent, which might be helpful.Overall, this cleaning tool does what it claims and it is very effective in cleaning jewelries and glasses.
73. Good for in between cleaning from professional jeweler.  
74. A few weeks later, the only cleaning cycle was 90 seconds. 
75. I haven't cleaned jewelry with it so I cannot share my experience on it, with my retainer, it does a decent job cleaning it. 
76. The items look like new when they are finished cleaning.  
77. Long story short, this thing will be heading back on the next UPS truck and I'll have to decide whether I buy a higher end unit or stick to the old fashioned tedious methods of cleaning my silver.
78. Great machine for cleaning all types of jewelry except those soft stones like pearls.  
79. I use this all the time. as well as cleaning my dentures and the normal items ie silver and gold jewelry  Iclean watch cases. 
80. That being said, it does a good job of cleaning the jewelry.  
81. I would recommend this to anyone who is sick of cleaning their rings one by one.
82. It seemed extremely effective at cleaning out the hard to reach places, while not damaging the objects themselves.I heard this might not be suitable for some jewelery with precious stones or luxury watches, so you may want to consider a professional cleaning for those, just to be safe. 
83. It seemed extremely effective at cleaning out the hard to reach places, while not damaging the objects themselves.I heard this might not be suitable for some jewelery with precious stones or luxury watches, so you may want to consider a professional cleaning for those, just to be safe. 
84. It has a basket with an arched piece to fit within the basket for cleaning waterproof watches.  
85. Maybe even better.Follow the directions on the box, use an ultrasonic cleaning solution if you really want, and prepare to be amazed and maybe a little grossed out at what comes off of your jewelry and watches. 
86. The cleaning basket is on the small side for large glasses.  
87. Does a great job at cleaning glasses, jewellery, etc. 
88. I couldn't believe how thorough the cleaning is! 
89. Each time they had a film on them which took a separate and longer than normal cleaning by hand.The item comes from a company named New Trent but you will find that when you go onto their website there is not even a mention of this product. 
90. That watch became history after ten years of great service and cleaning but hey, I got me a really clean broken watch!!! 
91. When I finished with the cleaning in the ultrasonic cleaner I wiped the lenses with a glasses cloth and there were not any smudges.  
92. Handling is easy, cleaning also. 
93. After a round of cleaning, they worked much better.I spend substantial time away from home with work in another city, and like this so much that I'm purchasing a second one for there.
94. It does an excellent job of cleaning dirty and tarnished watch bands and jewelry, although I pretreat with tarnish remover on some items. 
95. Can not adjust higher timeOverall, this machine is great for all daily jewelry and regular cleaning. 
96. The first time I ran the lid through several cycles, without a cleaning agent, and it looked as good as new now I run it through every week or so.In short this is a great little cleaner so be creative and you will find many uses.
97. The denture cleaning application is a big help for us.
98. First of all, let me say that I know that ultrasonic cleaning works as I've had it done for me at both jewelry stores and at the dentist. 
99. The instructions warn you that using the plastic inserts will absorb ultrasonic energy and reduce cleaning effectiveness, but even without the inserts this unit does virtually nothing. 
100. You can get the same cleaning effect by simply using soap and water.
101. A couple of very dark plumes of matter sprang from the silver necklace chains while cleaning, which was the most dramatic evidence I saw of the effectiveness of this cleaner. 

negative sentences : 
1. Wound up cleaning my other jewelry all day.  
2. This would require manual cleaning with a soft brush or cloth first (if item is not too delicate) or a professional cleaning by a jeweler.  
3. This would require manual cleaning with a soft brush or cloth first (if item is not too delicate) or a professional cleaning by a jeweler.  
4. You can also use a flat piece, not crumpled, to dry the top of your stones, preventing water droplet marks.Also, please do not put your fingers in any sonic cleaner while running.I continue to find this sonic cleaner perfect for maintenance cleaning.Addendum 2-2-12: My review is based on the model CD-2800 (see review above).  
5. Picked this up for cleaning bike parts, like dirty chains.  
6. My sister-in-law then gave it a try, and concluded it was so awesome, she bought one soon after.Best part -- Hammacher Schlemmer has what is very obviously the same thing for $60, which is nearly twice as much as I paid.For cleaning bicycle parts, the stainless steel tank is invaluable.  
7. It now just hums very low and  a visual inspection shows no vibrations (cleaning process) happening.I have been very busy and have not had time to return the unit, and I'm about 10 days past the return policy window. 
8. Thus, I am taking the time to write a review and warn others that this may or may not happen to you, just be sure if you have a lot of jewelery you want to clean, you use the machine after you get it...if it survives more than 30minutes cleaning..maybe you'll have better luck than I did.
9. It has multiple uses from cleaning your jewelry, to cleaning you glasses, removes all the stains and gunk from your glasses nose pads to cleaning your dentures. 
10. However, for jewelry, I used some jewelry cleaning solution, and in less than one cycle, the jewelry was sparkling clean.  
11. One more thing that I noticed is that the 3800 seems to create more cleaning waves (that might just be perception).  
12. I do like that it uses tap water, not a mandatory cleaning solution and also it has multiple time settings.
13. I know some more expensive units you can adjust the frequency of the sound, as to create different cleaning effects like a harder scrub and a more gentler scrub that gets into small places better). comes with a watch and ring/cd rack and a plastic rack to put everything in, clear plastic top. auto timersCons: It seeems a bit plasticy, but this is not an expensive unit, most things you should run through for 2-3 cycles, the longsest cycle is only a 480 seconds, can be a little noisy at times (seems only after you have been cleaning for a while after 7-10 cycles),Reomendations: Longer timers, choice of bigger sizes/colors, frequency selector,This unit was surprisingly powerful for the price and size. 
14. We have been very happy with the results and frequently end up cleaning as much of our friends jewelry as our own once they see how clean everything turns out.The device is small and compact, which allows us to store it in a kitchen drawer.  
15. I've been wearing my ring for less than a month now, cleaning it weekly, sometimes more depending on if I go anywhere. 
16. Easy to set up, easy to use right out of the box and expensive cleaning chemicals are not necessary. 
17. When I opened the unit after cleaning... the water was foggy, and that told me that it cleaned the dirt and grime that I couldn't even see!
18. not enough time for cleaning jewelry in one cycle.  
19. They weren't especially dirty, and after the cleaning they looked as if they were cleaned with, well, water. 
20. Jewelry cleans well, but I'm nervous about cleaning anything else, such as dentures. 
21. I will keep this brief.Cheaply made machine with incomplete instructions on settings, cleaning times, etc. 
22. And cleaning the actual device is no hassle at all! 
23. Some stubborn stains or stuck-on items can take a couple cleaning cycles, but overall, this is a great cleaner.I give it, and New Trent five stars!

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : water, positive Score : 159 and negative Score :-25
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I put her rings in this cleaner with just water and in just a few minutes they came out sparkling clean. 
2. Its great because she ends up getting lotion and who knows what, gummed up on her rings and when they are done with a cycle you can see stuff floating in the water and clean rings! 
3. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
4. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
5. After some some research this unit stood out for its long and varied cycle time options, large capacity (easily holds 2 pairs of glasses), rugged design (for a non-commercial machine) and great value.A few hints for cleaning eyeglasses:-Use distilled water, it cleans better and will allow you to air or fan dry items without tap water related spotting-Put a few drops of Dawn detergent in the tank for extra greasy items (you'll need to rinse off the soapy water after)-And for extremely dirty eye glasses (works especially well with, greasy sun-block coated stuff) I like to coat all surfaces of the item with Dawn's new foaming dish detergent. 
6. Might be neat if there was a better way to empty the water. 
7. I followed other reviewers advice and use hot tap water and a few drops of Dawn dish-washing soap and the results have been unbelievable!!!  
8. 1 Tbsp Dawn dish liquid (my personal fave)....hot water to the max line...set the desired amount of cleaning time (I run my jewelry through 2 or 3 full cycles, 4 min per cycle)...rinse, pat dry and done! 
9. It's amazing what 3 minutes and hot water can do. 
10. I ran them through one medium length cycle with plain water. 
11. After that procedure there was a very satisfying amount of grit on the bottom of the cleaner, and the water wasn't as clear. 
12. Also used it (with fresh water) to clean some baby toys that were a little grimey!  
13. This little unit really shined when I got some Tarn-x to go in the tank with the water. about a cap full will whiten almost anything and cleat out the gunk in the longest cycle setting. 
14. I suggest you make sure the watch is water proof before using it in the CD-3800.The key point are that it cleans well and is very compact and does not take up very much counter space. 
15. This is the first review I have ever made, but with this product I felt compelled to share my positive experience.I use it for cleaning jewelry, and using just a dab of dishwashing liquid in the water, I am delighted with the results.  
16. I am amazed at the amount of dirt that comes off in the water using this simple little machine.  
17. I usually run it through twice and then rinse the jewelry with clear water. 
18. Auto settings are displayed in seconds, but the minute times are 1 , 3, a little over 4 , a little over 6 minutes, and 8 minutes (we timed the settings, the cleaner ran accurately).I've been using hot water with a good squirt of dish liquid, mixed well before using.  
19. Always check with your jeweler or one of many online sites to see what stones/metals may be safely cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.Pros:1) Very powerful cleaning ability yet quiet operation2) Able to safely clean antique items (use the shortest cycle and check for any loose areas prior to cleaning), unlike `sonic only' cleaners which may damage items3) 5 useful Auto Timed settings4) Cleans glasses and even larger items when the lid is left open5) Operating buttons located on the unit, not the lid - durable design6) 6 month warrantyCons:1) Does not heat water, which would be usefulThe New Trent CD-3800 is a well designed powerful ultrasonic cleaner with the extra feature of pre-timed settings - I'm impressed with this ultrasonic cleaner.
20. I have cleaned jewelry, eyeglasses, sunglasses, coins, CD's, an electric shaver head, razors, and small porcelain statues - all with wonderful results.I would recommend using Dawn or Palmolive dish liquid mixed with warm water for best cleaning results, and always check to make sure items are safe to be cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.  
21. If cleaning only diamonds and/or gold, mix a bit of ammonia into warm water with your dish liquid - this is what my jeweler uses and suggests.Place a dry cloth against the side as you empty any cleaner - this prevents water from dripping down and seeping into the circuit board.I've been very pleased with the results of this model, and recommend this unit not only for jewelry, but cleaning many other items as well.UPDATE: 10 months of regular use and still working very well.  
22. I bought this to clean my glasses and it does an excellent job with water and a few drops of detergent. 
23. , but beyond that, you never think about them.I decided to pick this up on a whim, and wow.I poured hot water in it, put my glasses in it, turned it on and waited.  
24. I try to keep my glasses clean, but wow...the water was a murky color with all the assorted gunk that was removed from all the tiny crevices, edges, and joints of my glasses.A short while later, I'd plunked my wife's glasses into new water, and when it was finished, the water looked like something from a 3rd world country.  
25. I try to keep my glasses clean, but wow...the water was a murky color with all the assorted gunk that was removed from all the tiny crevices, edges, and joints of my glasses.A short while later, I'd plunked my wife's glasses into new water, and when it was finished, the water looked like something from a 3rd world country.  
26. I've since gone on a cleaning spree...a pocket knife here, my father's old watch there, earrings, rings...anything that's got delicate or extremely hard to reach areas (like the area under a diamond being held up by prongs on a ring) and marvel at how much gunk gets removed with simply hot water.  
27. Cleaning with the detergent also makes me a bit unsure about using chemicals that might be harsh on the different items thatPros:- Small footprint- Digital display for easy reading- Great warranty- Precise cleaning control, for a wide variety of items (jewelry, eyeglasses, and metals)- Uses water or filtered waterCons:- None at this timeConclusion:Overall this is a great product, when you want to get professional results of cleaning your items at home.  
28. It allows you to use regular water without harsh chemicals.  
29. The only thing I would wish they would add is a pour spout to make it easier to dispose of the water when you're finished.  
30. As it is now I always get a little water that dribbles down the side.  
31. We use a solution based of mostly ammonia and a few drops of liquid dish soap and rinse with warm/hot water.  
32. The cleaner creates excellent ultrasonic waves in water to provide great cleaning.  
33. Before I got around to doing that, though, my wife used it to clean her ring, using a solution of warm water, a little windex, and a little dish detergent.  
34. Having the option of a heater would be nice, but with a maximum run time of 5 minutes, filling it with hot tap water accomplishes the same thing.  
35. The first item that caught my eye was the fact that it operates without the need for any "caustic" jewelry cleaning solutions - it operates solely with water, a very friendly GREEN machine. 
36. I don't use anything but plain water it's all that is needed.The only caution I offer is to be sure that any jewelry you use the Ultrasonic cleaner on, if there are any stones, be sure they are securely fastened - especially if the jewelry is antique.  
37. After each cycle, I could see dirt in the water, so I just emptied each time and put a little dish soap back in with the clean water.  
38. This cleaner does a real nice job on jewelry and partial dentures just using water.  
39. When really goopy jewelry needs cleaning adding some Blitz to this water really kicks it into high gear.  
40. Clean to the water. 
41. Clean to the water. 
42. WIth this ultrasonic unit, there is no more scrubbing.I have tried cleaning a few items with just water and detergent, and will have to try this more on future items to say how effective it is.  
43. If you're expecting a miracle with only water, you may be disappointed. 
44. Also, you can put a little rubbing alcohol in the water for items fouled with a non-water soluble product. 
45. I added a little warm water to the unit and a touch of "Dawn" dish soap, and it cleaned everything to a shine. 
46. I had to change the water every few cycles because it was getting a lot of dirt in it. 
47. Pros: The price is lower than i would expect for something like this, it just works, works quickly (within minutes), not too loud, uses just water (add mild dish soap for better results, you can even buy specialized solution for these things, but im assuming that you would have a more expensive unit if you were going to order the special solutions. 
48. It flows off in waves and wisps, very nasty like and collects in the water.It looks pretty cool to watch too, a lot like when jets pass through a turbulent section of air and compress the air into a visible white cloud of moisture for a split second.This happens like, 10 times a second as powerful waves of sound shoot and compress the water into releasing air bubbles. 
49. It flows off in waves and wisps, very nasty like and collects in the water.It looks pretty cool to watch too, a lot like when jets pass through a turbulent section of air and compress the air into a visible white cloud of moisture for a split second.This happens like, 10 times a second as powerful waves of sound shoot and compress the water into releasing air bubbles. 
50. It works great with just water, and for deep cleaning, you can put a teaspoon of detergent in the water. 
51. All you need is water, and a good, but gentle, detergent. 
52. As I felt like I was in a groove, I rinsed out the device and filled it again with the same water and detergent mix, and then took the tray out, because the manual states that the plastic tray can absorb 30% of the ultrasonic energy. 
53. Makes noise....but now sound waves moving the water like before.  
54. I simply fill the unit up to the line with warm water and either a couple drops of Dawn soap or jewelry cleaner, and voila!
55. When you first start this device up, those little bubbles that are in public water immediately clears up.  
56. Usually I use a few drops of dish detergent in lukewarm water.
57. I just fill it with warm water, drop the trays in, and let it work its magic. 
58. The ultrasonic action of the water cleans deep in the crevices of the aligners doing the tough work for you. 
59. I have been using a little dish washing liquidwith warm water in the reservoir of the cleaner. 
60. I also use it to clean all my other jewelry:  earrings, bracelets, watches.To clean your jewelry:Just fill with water, place in your jewelry, press the button, wait 3 mins.After cleaning jewelry:Dump the water, wipe dry with paper towel.  
61. this device performed as promised, watches,jewelry, glasses, all sparkling and clean leaving filthy gray water in the basin at completion of the cycle.
62. Hot water seemed to be key.  
63. It does very well even if you use only warm water.  
64. i still have not made up my mind on this product.i use it for dentures,it seems to help but i also add cleaner and hot water,i was expecting better results for the money.it does not live up to my expectations ,,so farlook for something better
65. My wife uses a little dish soap and water. 
66. Let me start off by saying this product does work for small tasks, anything with grime on it will take over an hour to clear off(plain water).  
67. Hot water and a drop or two of dish soap is my preferred cleaning solution. 
68. It made some noise when using it... but the setting I used with both my glasses and my jewelry only took 280 seconds, so it isn't a long noise.I highly recommend this for anyone who is looking to clean his/her eyeglasses or jewelry in a convenient manner... with ONLY water!  
69. I used fairly warm water and a little dawn dishwashing liquid.  
70. I put a little dish detergent in the water and I used hot tap water. 
71. I put a little dish detergent in the water and I used hot tap water. 
72. The only inconvenience is the water disposal. 
73. I like the fact that only water is necessary.  
74. I squirt a little household cleaner in with warm water and it does a wonderful job.  
75. The Byzantine necklace cleaned beautifully--dirt came tumbling out of the crevices, making the water decidedly gray. 
76. The unit only takes about a drinking glass worth of water but the ovoid shape of the chamber creates a great capacity.Operation is ridiculously simple--put water in, put jewelry in, close lid, plug in unit, choose cycle length and press "on." 
77. The unit only takes about a drinking glass worth of water but the ovoid shape of the chamber creates a great capacity.Operation is ridiculously simple--put water in, put jewelry in, close lid, plug in unit, choose cycle length and press "on." 
78. You can watch through the lid or with the lid open and can actually see the water get dirtier and bubbles of air pass through more open weave items.I found that the cleaner was very effective at removing layers of dirt--if an item was simply dirty running it through one or two cycles and then rinsing it with clear water worked really well. 
79. You can watch through the lid or with the lid open and can actually see the water get dirtier and bubbles of air pass through more open weave items.I found that the cleaner was very effective at removing layers of dirt--if an item was simply dirty running it through one or two cycles and then rinsing it with clear water worked really well. 
80. Very tarnished items were decidedly improved in appearance (the dirt was removed along with some of the surface tarnish) but still needed a little more attention--either some elbow grease and a polish cloth or a dip in a tarnish removal liquid and a water rinse.Pros: Compact, large capacity, long cord, simple operation, virtually silent, easy to insert jewelry without tangles, easy to use.Cons: Doesn't remove layered tarnish--but then I wouldn't expect it to.
81. We do two 80 sec cycles in denture cleaner in warm water after an overnight soak in denture cleaner and end up with shiny eaters.  
82. I have used this product as a BETA tester with plain water on eyeglasses, jewelry, and electric razor shaving heads.  
83. But that is with only using plain water.  
84. The next test wil be with soapy water as described in the "User's Guide".Plain water Usage:This result on Regular eyeglasses is OK - but not sparkling clean.  
85. The next test wil be with soapy water as described in the "User's Guide".Plain water Usage:This result on Regular eyeglasses is OK - but not sparkling clean.  
86. And it was less than expected on my Adidas sunglasses (actually made them appear murky).The best results were achieved on the electric razor shaving heads and jewelry again with just plain water.The digital time selector was OK but I wasn't sure at what setting to use so tried various amounts of time.  
87. The moment it arrived, I took it out of the box, read the instruction, and revved it up.I took jewelry that had hardly been cleaned and dropped them into this cleaner with warm water and a could drops of DAWN dish detergent. 
88. I just use a cup of hot water and a spoon of ammonia. 
89. Works well.Just add hot water, some dish soap and have at it.Make sure to use the baskets for your jewelery so they do not scratch each other.A lot easier than waiting for the occasional mall or jeweler visit to get your jewelry clean.
90. I put hot water and a few drops of dish soap into the unit, turn it on for the maximum amount of time (why not?)
91. I bought this mainly to clean my Mom's dentures and once in a while clean my jewelery.For the dentures it sucks about the only way to get them really clean is using bleach and running about 6-8 full cycles, for my jewelery (bracelet, chain and ring) it works great a few drops of soap and warm water and in 1-2 full cycles they come out shinny.After reading previous reviewers trouble with water on the bottom damaging the electronics I took care not to pour the water out in the first few uses and I was able to use it about 3 times with no issues, as I got more comfortable I pour the water out twice and it stopped working after the second time !
92. I bought this mainly to clean my Mom's dentures and once in a while clean my jewelery.For the dentures it sucks about the only way to get them really clean is using bleach and running about 6-8 full cycles, for my jewelery (bracelet, chain and ring) it works great a few drops of soap and warm water and in 1-2 full cycles they come out shinny.After reading previous reviewers trouble with water on the bottom damaging the electronics I took care not to pour the water out in the first few uses and I was able to use it about 3 times with no issues, as I got more comfortable I pour the water out twice and it stopped working after the second time !
93. I bought this mainly to clean my Mom's dentures and once in a while clean my jewelery.For the dentures it sucks about the only way to get them really clean is using bleach and running about 6-8 full cycles, for my jewelery (bracelet, chain and ring) it works great a few drops of soap and warm water and in 1-2 full cycles they come out shinny.After reading previous reviewers trouble with water on the bottom damaging the electronics I took care not to pour the water out in the first few uses and I was able to use it about 3 times with no issues, as I got more comfortable I pour the water out twice and it stopped working after the second time !
94. I bought this mainly to clean my Mom's dentures and once in a while clean my jewelery.For the dentures it sucks about the only way to get them really clean is using bleach and running about 6-8 full cycles, for my jewelery (bracelet, chain and ring) it works great a few drops of soap and warm water and in 1-2 full cycles they come out shinny.After reading previous reviewers trouble with water on the bottom damaging the electronics I took care not to pour the water out in the first few uses and I was able to use it about 3 times with no issues, as I got more comfortable I pour the water out twice and it stopped working after the second time !
95. You can use a drop or two of Dawn, or clear water only and you will be amazed at how clean everything turns out.  
96. I put in warm water a dot of Dawn soap and hit the button, it goes off after few mins then I hit repeat, and again if desired. 
97. Works great on most items using just water.
98. I especially like how you can use regular water, or even a bit of detergent of your choice, no mysterious cleaners to worry about.
99. I had to run the cycle a few times with a bit of warm water and dish washing liquid and it sparkled. 
100. Water leaked into the electrical unit, though I can not find the point of entry, and shorted out the motor.  
101. One cycle through this machine, in just plan warm water, brought back that 'look at me' shine! 
102. I will try it with cleaner to get the rest of the gunk off, but I was amazed at how clean they became with just water. 
103. Today I tore it down to look inside and found the main PC-Board saturated in water. 
104. It appears someone in the household had overfilled it, and water leaks around the top seal. 
105. Rinse in a cup of water, dry, and check. 
106. I use 1 drop of dish detergent, alcohol and enough water to cover the item I am cleaning.
107. i use this daily to soak my dentures in this with denture cleaner and hot water works well set and forget

negative sentences : 
1. The instructions for the water use one are useless because anything i tried using that method did not clean the thing well at all.  
2. The water will be filthy! 
3. As far as cleaners go we have a water softener because of the hard water we have locally so I use water from the fridge dispenser because it is filtered twice then I add about 2-3 teaspoonful of jewelry cleaner concentrate I got from our jeweler.Update 02/20/13 tonight it had a funky plastic smell so I opened the lid and the water was a brownish tint and was boiling!  
4. As far as cleaners go we have a water softener because of the hard water we have locally so I use water from the fridge dispenser because it is filtered twice then I add about 2-3 teaspoonful of jewelry cleaner concentrate I got from our jeweler.Update 02/20/13 tonight it had a funky plastic smell so I opened the lid and the water was a brownish tint and was boiling!  
5. As far as cleaners go we have a water softener because of the hard water we have locally so I use water from the fridge dispenser because it is filtered twice then I add about 2-3 teaspoonful of jewelry cleaner concentrate I got from our jeweler.Update 02/20/13 tonight it had a funky plastic smell so I opened the lid and the water was a brownish tint and was boiling!  
6. Cleans best when adding a drop of dish soap (I always use Dawn), its amazing when you look at the discolored water and see how dirty your jewelry really is!
7. It makes me nervous that water may get inside and damage the electronics.
8. One day It stopped actually cleaning after about 5 seconds of start up (when it works properly it vibrates, oscillates the water, accompanied by a audible noise). 
9. I do like that it uses tap water, not a mandatory cleaning solution and also it has multiple time settings.
10. The metal tub sits within a plastic tub, designed to keep water from going onto the electrical bits in the base. 
11. When I opened the unit after cleaning... the water was foggy, and that told me that it cleaned the dirt and grime that I couldn't even see!
12. Mixed solution and water as directed and worked great.  
13. Having thought my hard work was basically "lost" because of the decree of tarnish--I was very, very impressed.I cleaned a number of other items with it and each time the water got dirty and the item got clean. 
14. The water was so dirty afterwards and my watch looked almost brand new again.I've only had this for a couple of months now and used it twice in that time for Jewelry and watches. 
15. At the very least, the top of the unit needs to be redesigned either to make it impossible to overfill with water, or to eliminate the poor seal that exists between the metal and the plastic.
16. I usually polish and buff gold and silver jewelry to retard tarnish and store in plastic ziploc baggies.Watch bands: Wrap the watch case in plastic wrap to prevent water seepage. 
17. "Water resistant" and "water proof" are two different things. 
18. I've never used just plain water, so cannot vouch for its effectiveness. 
19. If perhaps they used a stiffer plastic that would better transfer, and not absorb as much of the sonic energy through the water.  
20. It would work best with an item that is noticeably dirty or soiled and I had nothing in that condition.Using distilled water and concentrate, I noticed a big improvement in the appearance of some silver necklace chains and a gold necklace, while only a slight improvement with the other items. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : cleaner, positive Score : 160 and negative Score :-24
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. If you are looking for an ultrasonic cleaner pay a little more for a better one.
2. If you need a quick clean its great, but so far things ive tried it didnt make it like 100% better, but it is definitely cleaner.  
3. Tried everything but the watch cleaner since i dont have a watch.
4. But it's really gotten a lot of use with my vintage and modern fountain pens.I'd read on several blogs about cleaning out fountain pens, the nib and feed sections, with an ultrasonic cleaner but hadn't thought to try it.  
5. There was a lot of ink still in those pens, all of which came swirling out over the next few minutes.I ran the cleaner several times on my pens and found it to be invaluable.  
6. I have to tell you that this is my first ever sonic cleaner and I can't believe I have existed this long without this machine!!  
7. I really didn't want to spend $100 for the ultrasonic cleaner that my jeweler was pushing on me, so I did quite a bit of comparison shopping (features, size, durability revies) before buying one of these devices.  
8. Was debating whether to replate my white gold wide wedding band in rhodium or white gold.Research on line confirmed that neither plating would last very long, especially on rings.So purchased the New Trent and after a few full sessions in the cleaner, it looked as tho it was restored!
9. Better than any chemical jewelry cleaner I have used in the past. 
10. I wished it would be based on minutes instead of seconds. 3/5/7 minutes might be easier than 180/300/420 seconds.We used the ultrasonic cleaner to clean jewelry, rings and a few necklaces. 
11. My razor was very noticeably cleaner. 
12. This cleaner has been working great. 
13. This cleaner has been great. 
14. This is my second ultrasonic cleaner from New Trent. 
15. I really enjoy using this ultrasonic cleaner. 
16. It's surprisingly powerful.This cleaner has five pre-timed settings, which I have to admit are handy, but this ultrasonic's cleaning power is what has really impressed me and my family.  
17. Always check with your jeweler or one of many online sites to see what stones/metals may be safely cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.Pros:1) Very powerful cleaning ability yet quiet operation2) Able to safely clean antique items (use the shortest cycle and check for any loose areas prior to cleaning), unlike `sonic only' cleaners which may damage items3) 5 useful Auto Timed settings4) Cleans glasses and even larger items when the lid is left open5) Operating buttons located on the unit, not the lid - durable design6) 6 month warrantyCons:1) Does not heat water, which would be usefulThe New Trent CD-3800 is a well designed powerful ultrasonic cleaner with the extra feature of pre-timed settings - I'm impressed with this ultrasonic cleaner.
18. Always check with your jeweler or one of many online sites to see what stones/metals may be safely cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.Pros:1) Very powerful cleaning ability yet quiet operation2) Able to safely clean antique items (use the shortest cycle and check for any loose areas prior to cleaning), unlike `sonic only' cleaners which may damage items3) 5 useful Auto Timed settings4) Cleans glasses and even larger items when the lid is left open5) Operating buttons located on the unit, not the lid - durable design6) 6 month warrantyCons:1) Does not heat water, which would be usefulThe New Trent CD-3800 is a well designed powerful ultrasonic cleaner with the extra feature of pre-timed settings - I'm impressed with this ultrasonic cleaner.
19. Always check with your jeweler or one of many online sites to see what stones/metals may be safely cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.Pros:1) Very powerful cleaning ability yet quiet operation2) Able to safely clean antique items (use the shortest cycle and check for any loose areas prior to cleaning), unlike `sonic only' cleaners which may damage items3) 5 useful Auto Timed settings4) Cleans glasses and even larger items when the lid is left open5) Operating buttons located on the unit, not the lid - durable design6) 6 month warrantyCons:1) Does not heat water, which would be usefulThe New Trent CD-3800 is a well designed powerful ultrasonic cleaner with the extra feature of pre-timed settings - I'm impressed with this ultrasonic cleaner.
20. I have cleaned jewelry, eyeglasses, sunglasses, coins, CD's, an electric shaver head, razors, and small porcelain statues - all with wonderful results.I would recommend using Dawn or Palmolive dish liquid mixed with warm water for best cleaning results, and always check to make sure items are safe to be cleaned in an ultrasonic cleaner.  
21. While labeled as a professional unit, this is an affordable home model.I would stress again, please check an online listing for stones and settings that are safe to use in a sonic cleaner, or ask your jeweler.After rinsing in a tightly closed sink you can place your jewelry on white tissue paper (the type gifts are wrapped in) to dry - it is very lint free.  
22. If I use this ultrasonic cleaner for 7 months, it's worth the chemical dental cleaner($10 for 2 1/2 months.) 
23. If I use this ultrasonic cleaner for 7 months, it's worth the chemical dental cleaner($10 for 2 1/2 months.) 
24. For sure, I will use ultrasonic cleaner for more than 7 months. 
25. An ultrasonic cleaner is one of those things you never think about.  
26. This is the first professional ultrasonic cleaner that I have purchased.  
27. This is the first jewelry cleaner I've purchased (other than the usual solutions at the box stores).  
28. I once read if you place silver on aluminum foil with baking soda and cover with water and cook in the oven it will remove the tarnish; so I tried the same philosophy with this cleaner and it works flawlessly; my wife is now wearing all the silver she's been ignoring because she doesn't want to have to polish it.  
29. This ultrasonic cleaner worked better than expected. 
30. She dips her jewelry in jewelry cleaner for a little bit, then it goes into the ultrasonic cleaner for a super brilliant shine. 
31. She dips her jewelry in jewelry cleaner for a little bit, then it goes into the ultrasonic cleaner for a super brilliant shine. 
32. The cleaner creates excellent ultrasonic waves in water to provide great cleaning.  
33. She was convinced that ring came out cleaner and more sparkly than when we had it steam cleaned by a jeweler only a week before.  
34. I used to use an ultrasonic jewelry cleaner to clean parts, but it had a plastic tank, and the citrus cleaner I used ate right through that.  
35. I used to use an ultrasonic jewelry cleaner to clean parts, but it had a plastic tank, and the citrus cleaner I used ate right through that.  
36. I purchased the Trent Ultrasonic Jewelry Cleaner, Model CD3800A, after researching similar type products.  
37. The reason I bought this particular ultrasonic cleaner is I recently had to purchase a new pair of tri-focal glasses, they were very expensive. 
38. My eye doctor suggested I look into purchasing an Ultrasonic cleaner like the one they use.  
39. I don't use anything but plain water it's all that is needed.The only caution I offer is to be sure that any jewelry you use the Ultrasonic cleaner on, if there are any stones, be sure they are securely fastened - especially if the jewelry is antique.  
40. I have used the Trent Ultrasonic Jewelry Cleaner quite successfully on several pieces of very oldjewelry that have been in my family for many years.  
41. This cleaner does a real nice job on jewelry and partial dentures just using water.  
42. I used the cleaner MAYBE 30 minutes total, spread out over 2 weeks. 
43. The New Trent 2800 Ultrasonic Cleaner is a great, compact cleaner.  
44. The New Trent 2800 Ultrasonic Cleaner is a great, compact cleaner.  
45. I recently acquired a Newtrent CD3800 cleaner and my first impression on opening the box was how compact the unit was. 
46. It didn't take too long after we were married that I somehow became the official jewelry cleaner.  
47. If you want a really good jewelry cleaner then you sure can't go wrong with this one.  
48. For example, I can adjust the cleaning time for one long deep clean as opposed to running the cleaner several times over and over again.  
49. This is a great cleaner at a great price. 
50. This ultrasonic jewelry cleaner is a great way to clean jewelry.  
51. Also, I have cleaned my reading glasses and sunglasses in this little cleaner, and it worked wonders for the smudges and overall appearance.
52. But it is a good home cleaner.
53. We got this New Trent CD-3800 because our old ultrasonic cleaner died. 
54. It is also quite compact, having a larger basin yet a smaller footprint and overall size than our old one.If this will be your first ultrasonic cleaner you should know that ultrasonic cleaners do not "polish" an item, they just remove all the dirt, oils and other contaminates that stop a piece from looking their best. 
55. A very great cleaner. 
56. Im new to this whole ultrasonic cleaner thing but it really works. 
57. Then I bought this ultrasonic cleaner. 
58. This is the first ultrasonic cleaner I've ever owned or used and all I can say is that it works! 
59. I HIGHLY recommend this machine to anyone looking for a jewelry cleaner that trumps my local jewelers, as well as other household needs.
60. I received this product as a Christmas gift as I had been complaining about my old cleaner.  
61. The trays actually look cleaner than they did when I was manually brushing them! 
62. I ended up getting the New Trent CD-3800 Digital Ultrasonic cleaner.I was amazed at the quality of construction of the unit and how well it worked in keeping my dentures clean and white. 
63. We have used this to clean jewelry and it provides similar results to the ultrasonic cleaner at my dad's dentist office.  
64. Although I'm sure the workmanship on it isn't as great as my very expensive engagement ring (Since it cost less than $100) It's upsetting that the diamond fell out.I'm on the line whether to be upset with the cleaner or not for the lost diamonds. 
65. I still like the cleaner, it does a really good job, but I hope everyone gets to know that you need to look out for loose stones.
66. This is a great ultrasonic cleaner. 
67. i still have not made up my mind on this product.i use it for dentures,it seems to help but i also add cleaner and hot water,i was expecting better results for the money.it does not live up to my expectations ,,so farlook for something better
68. And as for the reason we bought the cleaner, my fiance's engagement ring is cleaner than the day I bought it. 
69. However this ultrasonic cleaner doesn't have any sealant anywhere! 
70. You need something more powerful like a Ultra Sonic Cleaner too Deep clean your jewelry just like your jewelers. 
71. No matter what it is, if it's small and waterproof, put it in this thing and it'll be cleaner than it has since it was new.
72. The Ultrasonic Cleaner does an amazing job and has all the trimmings so to say one could want. 
73. On all accounts the cleaner did a fantastic job and my things were extremely polished and the fingerprints, and other unwanted chemicals were gone. 
74. This solution and ultrasonic cleaner will removed paint from parts.
75. This ultrasound cleaner can vibrate loose the microscopic dirt that gets stuck in the plastic pores.
76. My friend thought my story was hilarious and told me to get a ultrasonic cleaner so it would clean the parts I couldn't reach. 
77. This is a good cleaner for how much you pay. 
78. You can get light dirt off with one cleaning but to get the more stuck on things and oils, etc. you need to run the cleaner several times with a bit of detergent. 
79. This unit is a very good ultrasonic cleaner. 
80. It worked well and we like this Ultrasonic Digital Cleaner.
81. This little cleaner is great for cleaning eyeglasses and jewelry.  
82. I squirt a little household cleaner in with warm water and it does a wonderful job.  
83. With the help of the ultrasonic cleaner it took me minutes to restore the necklace to like new where it would have taken me and hour or more working with traditional jewelr's polishing tools. 
84. You can watch through the lid or with the lid open and can actually see the water get dirtier and bubbles of air pass through more open weave items.I found that the cleaner was very effective at removing layers of dirt--if an item was simply dirty running it through one or two cycles and then rinsing it with clear water worked really well. 
85. It always amazes me after I take my wife's wedding band out of the cleaner, how bright and new looking her ring is. 
86. This is a small but powerful ultrasonic cleaner.  
87. We do two 80 sec cycles in denture cleaner in warm water after an overnight soak in denture cleaner and end up with shiny eaters.  
88. We do two 80 sec cycles in denture cleaner in warm water after an overnight soak in denture cleaner and end up with shiny eaters.  
89. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is searching for a ultrasonic jewelry cleaner.
90. For eyeglasses they say one 3 minute cycle so I have to have the timer workingNew Trent 2800 Ultrasonic cleaner for Jewelry, Eyeglasses and Dental with Digital Display 1 Pint capacity CD 2800A
91. Great little ultra sonic cleaner. 
92. I purchased this as a replacement to a much smaller sonic cleaner.  
93. The moment it arrived, I took it out of the box, read the instruction, and revved it up.I took jewelry that had hardly been cleaned and dropped them into this cleaner with warm water and a could drops of DAWN dish detergent. 
94. I've been happy with this jewelry cleaner for about a year now. 
95. The New Trent CD-780 Ultrasonic cleaner works well on small jewelry and rings.  
96. Just a note to say how well the Ultrasonic cleaner for jewelry works on silver and gold! 
97. Hope this will last for as long as my last cleaner did (5 years).  
98. It looked great but you know how the stores can give gold that new, no scratch, glowing gold color...well the jewelry cleaner just cleaned...really clean. 
99. Still, if your budget is $29 for an ultrasonic cleaner, you don't have much choice. 
100. Overall the ultrasonic cleaner is a great choice and works well.  
101. When I finished with the cleaning in the ultrasonic cleaner I wiped the lenses with a glasses cloth and there were not any smudges.  
102. So we ran it through a cycle on the ultrasonic cleaner and when he tried to listen to it later it worked perfectly.The NewTrent CD-7810 is a nice overall unit.  
103. I love my Ultrasonic Jewelry cleaner, it allows me to always keep my rings clean without having to run to a Jeweler every timea ring starts to look dull. it's convenient I can clean a ring while in the shower and be ready to go.
104. But then it wasn't intended for that.Overall a good, inexpensive ultrasonic cleaner.
105. Was given a gift card and I chose the ultrasonic cleaner as my Christmas gift. 
106. The CD2800 is a small and compact ultrasonic cleaner that should meet the needs of most home applications. 
107. The first time I ran the lid through several cycles, without a cleaning agent, and it looked as good as new now I run it through every week or so.In short this is a great little cleaner so be creative and you will find many uses.
108. i use this daily to soak my dentures in this with denture cleaner and hot water works well set and forget
109. My wife and I received this cleaner as a wedding present last summer and we couldn't be more pleased with it.  
110. She has a sizable jewelry collection and I have several watches and we clean something with this cleaner at least once a week.While it won't make your jewelry shine like it's been polished it cleans any dirt or grime off of it perfectly.  
111. My wife has kept her wedding ring in perfect condition and when she runs it through this cleaner it looks brand new (my wedding is a little scratched up but still gets 100% clean with only a couple minutes in this cleaner).For best use I recommend using HOT water with just a dash of dish washing soap.  
112. My wife has kept her wedding ring in perfect condition and when she runs it through this cleaner it looks brand new (my wedding is a little scratched up but still gets 100% clean with only a couple minutes in this cleaner).For best use I recommend using HOT water with just a dash of dish washing soap.  
113. not a lot or it'll suds, just a bit will do.The only down side to the cleaner, in my opinion, is the basket it comes with to keep items from coming in direct contact with the interior metal surface.  
114. If you're really serious about getting an ultrasonic cleaner, don't waste your money on a low end unit like this one. 
115. We've tried jewelry and eyeglasses and the cleaner does an excellent job.
116. I use the Blitz liquid cleaner and it does a fantastic job. 

negative sentences : 
1. Unlike a "sonic" cleaner, which uses vibrations only, we've trusted this ultrasonic on some of our more delicate items; a pair of antique eyeglasses (gently but thoroughly cleaned them), an antique magnifying glass with filigree and delicate handle (two cycles, one to clean the glass and filigree end, then turned the magnifier around to clean the handle with another cycle, leaving the lid open both times).There are 5 automatic settings - push the Set button for the pre-timed setting you desire, press On and let the cleaner to do its job - a function that's both helpful and practical.  
2. A sonic cleaner, unless it is a truly professional model - that which a jeweler would use, cannot remove long-term built-up dirt or scum.  
3. You can also use a flat piece, not crumpled, to dry the top of your stones, preventing water droplet marks.Also, please do not put your fingers in any sonic cleaner while running.I continue to find this sonic cleaner perfect for maintenance cleaning.Addendum 2-2-12: My review is based on the model CD-2800 (see review above).  
4. You can also use a flat piece, not crumpled, to dry the top of your stones, preventing water droplet marks.Also, please do not put your fingers in any sonic cleaner while running.I continue to find this sonic cleaner perfect for maintenance cleaning.Addendum 2-2-12: My review is based on the model CD-2800 (see review above).  
5. The cleaner also looks quite different.  
6. This cleaner keeps her diamonds sparkling. 
7. This cleaner keeps her diamonds sparkling. 
8. If the item is dull from wear or has scratches no ultrasonic cleaner will fix that but for cleaning an item they are the absolute best around. 
9. I was a little afraid to order this "wonder" cleaner, but it did not disappoint me!  
10. I almost didn't notice and down the drain they would have gone.I do wish that you had the option for a timer, not just the 3 minute having to press the on button to want it to run again.******** 1 months of use Update ********I wanted to update to give everyone who is thinking about purchasing this unit, or any other sonic cleaner. one tip KEEP AN EYE ON YOUR STONES! 
11. I know the one for my other ring isn't ion there as when I noticed I checked.I would definitely blame the cleaner for my diamonds going missing, sort of. 
12. I've had the ring for 5 years, and never ever had an issue with it, until I used the sonic cleaner. 
13. It is a good cleaner for jewelry but not for my glasses. 
14. This cleaner works wonders on dirty jewelry.  
15. I had a different type of sonic cleaner and I was extremely disappointed with it, so I almost passed up purchasing this one.  
16. I even tried using a hook from my other sonic cleaner but still, it would cause minor scratches.
17. I just purchased this after looking extensively for an affordable cleaner for my diamond jewelry. 
18. I am not sure if my jewelry cleaner was a defective unit, but I guess you get what you pay for.
19. Thank you much for such small, effective machine cleaner that i can rely on from now on...
20. Some stubborn stains or stuck-on items can take a couple cleaning cycles, but overall, this is a great cleaner.I give it, and New Trent five stars!
21. I just use the cleaner without the basket and that seems to work great for me.if you're looking for a cleaner that is cheap, cleans very well, and is well made you found it with this cleaner. 
22. The cleaner is not silent and makes a buzzing sound, however you can't hear in the next room.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : jewelry, positive Score : 133 and negative Score :-36
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. If we are careful, some jewelry can be cleaned. 
2. Typically I have problems with ultrasonic cleaners actually getting my jewelry clean, but not this one!  
3. Worked great on jewelry and glasses.  
4. Love this - I have the older version which is still great but bought this for my mother - she loves it - wish it had more &#34;time&#34; because for me, I want my jewelry &#34;clean&#34;!  
5. 1 Tbsp Dawn dish liquid (my personal fave)....hot water to the max line...set the desired amount of cleaning time (I run my jewelry through 2 or 3 full cycles, 4 min per cycle)...rinse, pat dry and done! 
6. You have the most beautiful~sparkly~jewelry you could ask for! 
7. Better than any chemical jewelry cleaner I have used in the past. 
8. It was great for jewelry and rings, but not much beyond that fit the unit.The controls were easy to use. 
9. I wished it would be based on minutes instead of seconds. 3/5/7 minutes might be easier than 180/300/420 seconds.We used the ultrasonic cleaner to clean jewelry, rings and a few necklaces. 
10. We've only owned it for about a month, but it has really cleaned and sparkled up every piece of her jewelry so much that people actually comment on it and ask if it's "new" even though she's worn the same jewelry every day! 
11. It helps *immensely* to use a good jewelry cleaning solution or at the very least a bit of dish soap.I gave 4 stars on the product alone, however I would have like to have seen a metal basket or at least had the option to buy one. 
12. Ive found myself offering to clean friends jewelry and watches when they come over now.
13. Both devices are quiet and great for cleaning jewelry. 
14. As soon as I received this item I cleaned several pieces of jewelry and was very happy with the results! 
15. Now I can clean several pieces of jewelry at one time. 
16. I usually run it through twice and then rinse the jewelry with clear water. 
17. This ultrasonic removes hairspray, oils from lotion, fingerprints, etc., leaving our jewelry shining like new.  
18. It does a thorough job of cleaning jewelry, and unlike my older model, it is large enough to clean eyeglasses and other items.  
19. I also use this piece to hang slender chains so they won't tangle when cleaning several items at once.I use a jeweler's loop to check jewelry prior to and after cleaning, and despite being very quiet it is quite powerful and does a great job removing grime and leaving jewelry sparkling.  
20. If cleaning only diamonds and/or gold, mix a bit of ammonia into warm water with your dish liquid - this is what my jeweler uses and suggests.Place a dry cloth against the side as you empty any cleaner - this prevents water from dripping down and seeping into the circuit board.I've been very pleased with the results of this model, and recommend this unit not only for jewelry, but cleaning many other items as well.UPDATE: 10 months of regular use and still working very well.  
21. While labeled as a professional unit, this is an affordable home model.I would stress again, please check an online listing for stones and settings that are safe to use in a sonic cleaner, or ask your jeweler.After rinsing in a tightly closed sink you can place your jewelry on white tissue paper (the type gifts are wrapped in) to dry - it is very lint free.  
22. You'll see them in jewelry stores for "free cleanings while you wait!"
23. Cleaning with the detergent also makes me a bit unsure about using chemicals that might be harsh on the different items thatPros:- Small footprint- Digital display for easy reading- Great warranty- Precise cleaning control, for a wide variety of items (jewelry, eyeglasses, and metals)- Uses water or filtered waterCons:- None at this timeConclusion:Overall this is a great product, when you want to get professional results of cleaning your items at home.  
24. This is the first jewelry cleaner I've purchased (other than the usual solutions at the box stores).  
25. I bought one, it works great getting dirt off watches, jewelry, etc.  
26. I have a lot of jewelry so I was really happy when I found this guy.  
27. Of course the CD 380" works great for jewelry such as necklaces, rings, earrings, watches, and bracelets. 
28. She dips her jewelry in jewelry cleaner for a little bit, then it goes into the ultrasonic cleaner for a super brilliant shine. 
29. I used to use an ultrasonic jewelry cleaner to clean parts, but it had a plastic tank, and the citrus cleaner I used ate right through that.  
30. It really did a great job of cleaning Jewelry. 
31. The first item that caught my eye was the fact that it operates without the need for any "caustic" jewelry cleaning solutions - it operates solely with water, a very friendly GREEN machine. 
32. I don't use anything but plain water it's all that is needed.The only caution I offer is to be sure that any jewelry you use the Ultrasonic cleaner on, if there are any stones, be sure they are securely fastened - especially if the jewelry is antique.  
33. I don't use anything but plain water it's all that is needed.The only caution I offer is to be sure that any jewelry you use the Ultrasonic cleaner on, if there are any stones, be sure they are securely fastened - especially if the jewelry is antique.  
34. I have used the Trent Ultrasonic Jewelry Cleaner quite successfully on several pieces of very oldjewelry that have been in my family for many years.  
35. This cleaner does a real nice job on jewelry and partial dentures just using water.  
36. When really goopy jewelry needs cleaning adding some Blitz to this water really kicks it into high gear.  
37. I didn't even think about purchasing a unit like this when wanting to clean jewelry. 
38. She has been infatuated with jewelry since the first day we met.  
39. It didn't take too long after we were married that I somehow became the official jewelry cleaner.  
40. It got my watch every bit as clean as the Jewelry Store did and saved me money.  
41. It's a good thing that I'm retired now because she has an enormous amount of jewelry.  
42. If you want a really good jewelry cleaner then you sure can't go wrong with this one.  
43. This ultrasonic jewelry cleaner is a great way to clean jewelry.  
44. This ultrasonic jewelry cleaner is a great way to clean jewelry.  
45. Some jewelry was the next run and the results were just as good.  
46. this product has worked as well as professional jewelry cleaners which i am surprised by and would recommend this to anyone
47. Highly efficient; cleans all types of jewelry perfectly. 
48. For the price, this has to be one of the best jewelry cleaners on the market. 
49. Jewelry comes out clean and sparkly.I don't use the insert bucket it came with, as for me the end cleaning result is not satisfactory enough.  
50. It gives the bathroom a very calming very soft blue light.All in all a good machine that I recommend for usual jewelry cleaning jobs.
51. I have been so happy with it, it did a great job cleaning jewelry, eyeglasses, and the like.  
52. I clean my jewelry a few times a week, works wonders on my glasses and guess what? 
53. I HIGHLY recommend this machine to anyone looking for a jewelry cleaner that trumps my local jewelers, as well as other household needs.
54. (Mouthguards, combs, watch bands, some jewelry) The price is good, too!
55. I also use it to clean all my other jewelry:  earrings, bracelets, watches.To clean your jewelry:Just fill with water, place in your jewelry, press the button, wait 3 mins.After cleaning jewelry:Dump the water, wipe dry with paper towel.  
56. I also use it to clean all my other jewelry:  earrings, bracelets, watches.To clean your jewelry:Just fill with water, place in your jewelry, press the button, wait 3 mins.After cleaning jewelry:Dump the water, wipe dry with paper towel.  
57. We have used this to clean jewelry and it provides similar results to the ultrasonic cleaner at my dad's dentist office.  
58. this device performed as promised, watches,jewelry, glasses, all sparkling and clean leaving filthy gray water in the basin at completion of the cycle.
59. Your Jewelry will look brand new like the day you bought it.I Would Recommend Getting a Concentrated Jewelry Cleaner (Blitz Gem & Jewelry Cleaner Concentrate) Its much better then using detergent and its not so harsh.
60. I had ALWAYS cleaned my jewelry with chemicals and a soft toothbrush prior to this.  
61. It made some noise when using it... but the setting I used with both my glasses and my jewelry only took 280 seconds, so it isn't a long noise.I highly recommend this for anyone who is looking to clean his/her eyeglasses or jewelry in a convenient manner... with ONLY water!  
62. My jewelry looks new after being cleaned 180 seconds!! 
63. I won't return it because it's semi useful for jewelry and a pain in my rear to ship the pos back. 
64. I bought it for my dentures but it cleans jewelry and glasses great!!!
65. My jewelry and glasses were clean, but it would've been nice if it continued working!!
66. The sonic current is so strong it will cause the item to bounce/scrape against the basket during the cleaning process causing minor scratches on the jewelry. 
67. Really does a super job, jewelry &#34;sparkles&#34;!!
68. The directions are easy to use and I agree about adding a bit of Dawn or other liquid detergent to really make the jewelry shine.Great product at a great price! 
69. Pros:- Size of the machine is great; fits anywhere, easy storage- very easy to use; clear directions- great for getting extra shine on jewelry; good for quick cleaning, especially on links on watches-comes with a watch stand which is greatcons:- didnt see much improvement on small jewlery pieces such as rings/earrings
70. This little cleaner is great for cleaning eyeglasses and jewelry.  
71. Regarding the jewelry set from "non-tarnish" wire: It took two of the longest cycles but the set gave up a lot of dirt and, actually, a huge amount of surface tarnish as well. 
72. The unit only takes about a drinking glass worth of water but the ovoid shape of the chamber creates a great capacity.Operation is ridiculously simple--put water in, put jewelry in, close lid, plug in unit, choose cycle length and press "on." 
73. Very tarnished items were decidedly improved in appearance (the dirt was removed along with some of the surface tarnish) but still needed a little more attention--either some elbow grease and a polish cloth or a dip in a tarnish removal liquid and a water rinse.Pros: Compact, large capacity, long cord, simple operation, virtually silent, easy to insert jewelry without tangles, easy to use.Cons: Doesn't remove layered tarnish--but then I wouldn't expect it to.
74. So I was disappointed in it's performance for what I needed.Great job on jewelry though.
75. Even works great on select costume jewelry. 
76. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is searching for a ultrasonic jewelry cleaner.
77. I have used this product as a BETA tester with plain water on eyeglasses, jewelry, and electric razor shaving heads.  
78. And it was less than expected on my Adidas sunglasses (actually made them appear murky).The best results were achieved on the electric razor shaving heads and jewelry again with just plain water.The digital time selector was OK but I wasn't sure at what setting to use so tried various amounts of time.  
79. For eyeglasses they say one 3 minute cycle so I have to have the timer workingNew Trent 2800 Ultrasonic cleaner for Jewelry, Eyeglasses and Dental with Digital Display 1 Pint capacity CD 2800A
80. So when I got this machine, I took every single piece of jewelry out of my case and ran it through this machine. 
81. Not cumbersome, stores easily, makes jewelry look like it was just purchased.
82. Great machine for cleaning all types of jewelry except those soft stones like pearls.  
83. I use this all the time. as well as cleaning my dentures and the normal items ie silver and gold jewelry  Iclean watch cases. 
84. That being said, it does a good job of cleaning the jewelry.  
85. It is very basic and easy to use and clean/maintain -- essentially a 3 button timer/on/off system and a stainless steel tank that is easily wiped dry after use prior to storage.My Mom, after seeing the first one in action, decided she &#34;needed&#34; one also once she got a dental partial several months later, and she not only cleans her teeth and glasses in the one we got her -- but also uses it to clean her jewelry, another allowable use marketed by the manufacturer.  
86. I've always wanted to try one of these ultrasonic jewelry cleaners, but the prices used to be quite high.  
87. I actually saw this particular model in a catalog at three times the price of what Amazon sells it for, and it was listed as being judged among the best jewelry cleaners by a company that tests products (not Consumer Reports) and then sells the "best."
88. It has a stainless steel lining but also has a plastic basket for use with more fragile jewelry like pearls.  
89. I've been happy with this jewelry cleaner for about a year now. 
90. Also, use caution when putting any jewelry with a purposeful patina or coating on it in the cleaner. 
91. The New Trent CD-780 Ultrasonic cleaner works well on small jewelry and rings.  
92. Just a note to say how well the Ultrasonic cleaner for jewelry works on silver and gold! 
93. Relly makes even less expensive costume jewelry look new. 
94. It looked great but you know how the stores can give gold that new, no scratch, glowing gold color...well the jewelry cleaner just cleaned...really clean. 
95. However, if you are looking to revive your jewelry to a nice shine, this isn't going to get it done.  
96. I love my Ultrasonic Jewelry cleaner, it allows me to always keep my rings clean without having to run to a Jeweler every timea ring starts to look dull. it's convenient I can clean a ring while in the shower and be ready to go.
97. If you have nice jewelry you really need to invest in this.
98. They both love it and say it makes their jewelry look like new and takes very little time or effort.It might not be the best option if you want to just clean one piece of jewelry at at time since you do have to fill the tank and then empty/clean it and though that doesn't take much time or work, it's still a bit of a hassle for just one item.
99. My jewelry was looking a bit dull and the regular old 'soak and brush' cleaners just don't do much to bring back that sparkle. 
100. I've been experimenting with this appliance on various kinds of watches and jewelry. 
101. It does an excellent job of cleaning dirty and tarnished watch bands and jewelry, although I pretreat with tarnish remover on some items. 
102. Cleans my jewelry very well while being delicate.  
103. Wife uses it to gently clean her jewelry and antique pins too!
104. Can not adjust higher timeOverall, this machine is great for all daily jewelry and regular cleaning. 
105. She has a sizable jewelry collection and I have several watches and we clean something with this cleaner at least once a week.While it won't make your jewelry shine like it's been polished it cleans any dirt or grime off of it perfectly.  
106. I use it weekly for jewelry and eyeglasses. 
107. With regular cleanings using this, though, I anticipate that you could avoid ever seeing tarnish happen again and only have to use a little elbow grease to make silver shine.In conclusion, this item works best for maintaining jewelry that is cared for. 
108. I was anxious to try and started tossing in anything I could think of, coins, jewelry, little glass figurines, my eyeglasses, all came out sparkling and I mean SPARKLING clean. 

negative sentences : 
1. My jewelry comes out so sparkling. 
2. I did not realized my fashon jewelry was so dirty.  
3. Works great...does a great job on everything we have tried so far (not sterling silver tho) Glasses...jewelry..shaver parts...etc.I would recommend it to everyone.
4. Wound up cleaning my other jewelry all day.  
5. A particular ring with many stones had so much gunk that I never realized how beautiful it could shine.Most items only require one full pass in the Ultrasonic.It was such fun seeing my jewelry transformed.Very pleased!
6. I was skeptical at first but after running a couple of cycles, my jewelry came out sparkling and shiny. 
7. All my jewelry is clean in no time at all. 
8. Because the ultrasonic is 30% less effective when using the plastic basket - I leave my jewelry in longer.I haven't used it on any other things yet - will try my glasses once it gets dirty.
9. We've used it for different things, but jewelry is where it really `shines' - pardon the pun!  
10. Cleans best when adding a drop of dish soap (I always use Dawn), its amazing when you look at the discolored water and see how dirty your jewelry really is!
11. Three minutes later she has sparkling jewelry.
12. Three minutes later she has sparkling jewelry.
13. It has multiple uses from cleaning your jewelry, to cleaning you glasses, removes all the stains and gunk from your glasses nose pads to cleaning your dentures. 
14. This works, but I think a toothbrush and a bit of toothepaste does the same if not better job on jewelry. 
15. However, for jewelry, I used some jewelry cleaning solution, and in less than one cycle, the jewelry was sparkling clean.  
16. However, for jewelry, I used some jewelry cleaning solution, and in less than one cycle, the jewelry was sparkling clean.  
17. Over the course of time I have gone through many jewelry cleaners.  
18. I bought it for denture cleaning primarily but it's also good an assortment of other things such as jewelry, silverware,etc.Additionally, it cleans fast and silently.
19. No need at all for expensive jewelry clearer solutions. 
20. We have been very happy with the results and frequently end up cleaning as much of our friends jewelry as our own once they see how clean everything turns out.The device is small and compact, which allows us to store it in a kitchen drawer.  
21. It is a good cleaner for jewelry but not for my glasses. 
22. Jewelry comes out sparkling like crazy! 
23. This cleaner works wonders on dirty jewelry.  
24. I have many old pieces of jewelry that had never been cleaned, especially polished because they are mostly fake.  
25. I use it often and I like it very much.Sonic Wave CD-2800 Ultrasonic Jewelry & Eyeglass Cleaner (White/Gray)(package may vary)
26. not enough time for cleaning jewelry in one cycle.  
27. I just purchased this after looking extensively for an affordable cleaner for my diamond jewelry. 
28. I couldn't believe how dirty my jewelry was!  
29. I am not sure if my jewelry cleaner was a defective unit, but I guess you get what you pay for.
30. My wife finds that it restores her jewelry to sparkling condition, and it cleans eyeglasses beautifully.Tip: it also works well for cleaning some things you might not guess, such as the aerators on faucets. 
31. This machine is not too big nor too small for your daily jewelry needs.Pros:1. 
32. I cleaned jewelry and other items and they came out very clean. 
