
------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : time, positive Score : 48 and negative Score :-9
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Just got my HD service yesterday from Time Warner and the picture last night watching American Idol was stunning!!!! 
2. They also gave me ample time to check it all over for shipping damage. 
3. It's like looking at my DVDs for the first time. 
4. It was delivered to me, since my son was working, and it arrived on time and in perfect condition. 
5. If it occurs a few time, I will get their technician.I realize that this is not a discussion forum, but was wondering if anybody else is having this issue.  
6. My only worry was if Eagle will deliver on time and hassle free. 
7. Harmony remotes cannot compensate for this unless you leave all your video components on ALL THE TIME, therefore, the video source selection will be the same each time.  
8. Harmony remotes cannot compensate for this unless you leave all your video components on ALL THE TIME, therefore, the video source selection will be the same each time.  
9. It did give me time to set up the entire entertainment system. 
10. So far so good.It's time for a class action suit on this one.  
11. Anyway, on Jan 2nd 2009, the TV turned itself off and back on, called Samsung and was told that this is the TV telling me that I need a new lamp (approx. a $400 repair), after digging a little deeper with this CR, was told that when the TV was taking a long time to turn on it was the first warning but now I am out of warranty.BE WARY, if the TV starts doing anything wierd call Samsung and get a repair person out ASAP.By the way I was also told that 2% to 3% of these TV's are expected to fail (very low percentage, but not when you pay $2500 and yours is in that 2% or 3%).
12. The delivery guy even called twice to confirm that I would be home and to give a good time to deliver.  
13. To my (grateful) surprise, my TV showed up on time, was in perfect condition, and looked GREAT.
14. Eagle called on Friday with a 4 hour window for next day, they showed on time, uncrated, help me set up and offered to dispose of the box. 
15. At that time it would have been close to or within the warranty period of 1 year, but over the last few months it got progressively worse.At this point we have checked into it and now know it is delamination. 
16. Presently the TV only receives regular TV signal(it's probably a good time to upgrade to HD:-). 
17. He also was very flexible with delivery times which was great for us since my husband and I work full time.
18. Samsung did, however, tell me that I could have purhcased an extended warranty at the time I bought the television.  
19. It takes longer to display when the set has been off for several hours than it does if off for a short time.Samsung support will not offer any help or suggestions since the television is out of warranty. 
20. At first I thought it was a very good item but as time went by I discovered a problem it had to begin with and problems it later developed.1. 
21. There are no clouding issues with this set the only issue is observed is HDMI drop outs on my PS3 sometimes (other manufactures have similar issues with HDMI handshake with 1080P content) and sometimes it takes long time to start i don't know why.Viewing angle are very good as i have wall mounted the set over fireplace with tilt mount. 
22. Also, selecting various inputs can take some time, but not too long to be a huge annoyance. 
23. Good quality...sharp design...fast ship time...I recommend this TV!!
24. I know there are TV's out there that offer better picture quality, and that side by side I might like $5,000 one more, but sitting in my apartment basking in the narcotic glow of FoodTV HD, I have a hard time imagining it getting any better.  
25. Amazon picked up the old tv and dropped off the new tv at the same time within a week. 
26. My tv had been in Philadelphia for 4 days before i called them, and they said "oh yeah, we were going to call you in two days to set up a delivery time" So anyway... good thing i called. 
27. I would definitely recommend this set to anyone.Thanks to Amazon for selling this set at a great price; thanks to Eagle/CEVA for getting this to me so quickly in perfect condition in time for the Superbowl.All in all.  
28. I told him about the email and told him that I had given CEVA my phone number every single time I spoke with them.  
29. How on earth could this be possible when I gave Amazon my phone number AND gave CEVA the very same number every single time I spoke with them??!!  
30. Therefore, due to the washout and reflection issues Plasma took a step back.LCDNow time to research LCD.  
31. I muted the TV to just use the stereo and the mute icon stayed on the screen the whole time.
32. Bought at a great price through Amazon...free shipping at the time.  
33. I had to look for info online and get amazon to call the delivery truck to set up a new time since they missed the delivery window.  
34. Shipping was a pain, as I did free shipping and it took about 2-3 weeks to get it and then I had to take off work to get it delivered but Eagle was held up at a prison due to a random search that took a long time so they missed the 4 hour window and delivered it that night.  
35. Outstanding price, delivery was on time (during Christmas season!)
36. My only HD source at this time is over the air and the picture is as good as anything I've seen.  
37. I won't waste time describing the wonderful picture from this TV.  
38. The delivery came on time and they were very courteous and called before coming. 
39. I requested a refund 3 times as the price dropped leading up to Christmas and it was promptly granted each time.I had the same less-than-impressive delivery experience as others have mentioned in reviews but the "white glove" service was nothing more than a novelty to me anyway.  

negative sentences : 
1. We received the Samsung tv in a short period of time. 
2. TV arrived a day early, Eagle called ahead of time to confirm we would be home and delivered on a very icy day - no problems whatsoever.For those of you hesitant to buy something like this online, be assured that Amazon provides all tracking info and Eagle seems to be a reputable shipping outfit.Hope this helps.
3. The biggest problem with this tv is that I am spending way too much time watching it.  
4. I wanted the Sharp's faster response time but I've noticed no issues concerning ghosting while watching sports or playing video games.The speakers are great too! 
5. It will do the automatic set-up, but I don't get reception on all channels at one time with me directional antenna. 
6. The current price on Amazon (around 1600) is a DEAL -- I paid 300 more and am still very happy with the deal I got.Delivery was fine; I know some people have had trouble with Eagle but I found them flexible on delivery time, they scheduled delivery within 24 hours of them getting the TV, they showed up exactly when they said they would, and set things up appropriately.One slight glitch -- if you use this TV with a Samsung home theater, there are some weird issues where the home theater and the TV communicate with each other a bit too much; e.g., I like to listen to CDs on the home theater, but the TV turns on whenever I insert a CD.  
7. These may not happen for hours and hours, and then suddenly you can get hit with two or three flashes/dropouts in a short time. 
8. About a month after the warranty ran out (1 year) it started displaying multiple horizontal bars of programing, sometimes a dozen or more at a time. 
9. But there are always some casualties of the people who never get the right information at the right time.

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : quality, positive Score : 67 and negative Score :-20
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The picture quality is still good, especially if you sit back from the set. 
2. The screen certainly does not seem to degrade the picture quality.Overall, a very impressive unit.Now I can turn my attention over to a Blue-Ray player!
3. Cannot keep up with fast scenes at all, forget trying to watch sports.Flat panels still cant beat my old Sony CRT for overall picture quality.After owning the set for a year now I am going to do a 180 and say this is (was) the best set on the market. 
4. I would highly recommend this TV for anyone looking for a high quality, but fairly "inexpensive" HDTV.
5. (BTW, the TV lowered $150 from what I bought it for within the 30 days, I wrote an email to Amazon and within 3 days my money was credited back to my card exactly $150 - Thanks Amazon).I'm totally shocked at how the quality is sooo good.  
6. Did you have any feedback on the actual tv's picture quality, sound, inputs, etc??
7. Needless to say, I will be spending that $1000 towards a new, higher quality TV.  
8. The picture quality is outstanding.  
9. The built-in speakers are average - if you get a TV like this, you need to get some quality speakers.My "big" complaint so far is how video sources are selected.  
10. I've never thought local free channels would look this great before buying this TV.Awesome picture quality.  
11. My only concern is the sound quality.  
12. My wife records her soap opera with an HD DVR, and the picture quality is so good, I actually look forward to watching the recording with her. 
13. I think the Samsung LNT 4661F is the best combination of quality and price available.
14. The picture quality is good once the set is turned off then on again to remove the purple dots.  
15. Only suggestion is to take the tv out of the factory setting,It defaults to dynamic picture setting and its way to bright.Great value and great quality for the price.
16. I'm sorry to say that I bought a 52" Sony Wega LCD for my living room, which doesn't have the same quality picture.
17. The Amazon price, including free shipping, was a bargain compared to local stores and made the TV a real value for a quality 46" 1080P picture. 
18. To maximize the TV's stand-alone sound quality, make sure to follow the instructions to set-up the TV's surround-sound feature.The TV is relatively light-weight and it was easy to set-up.
19. HD picture quality is excellent as is the sound quality on its own. 
20. HD picture quality is excellent as is the sound quality on its own. 
21. Picture quality is superb.  
22. I think if we would have bought it through a store we would have had better luck with the picture quality....Now we have to have somebody come to the house and help fix the settings.
23. The picture quality at HD mode is superb. 
24. The picture quality is great, I really feel like watching a movie in a theater. 
25. Best LCD available for picture quality. 
26. It looked great ,the picture quality was great. 
27. Every time I see my TV, I give myself a little pat on the back for being such a savvy shopper and finding this amazing deal on such a quality TV.
28. So, my bottom line is this: If you're looking for a great, quality 46" LCD TV, look no further than this deal on the Amazon site.  
29. The picture quality in HD is eye-popping, with outstanding contrast in light and dark room conditions.  
30. The picture quality is quite good and it's fairly easy to operate.  
31. While watching 1080p movies through a decent HDMI cable you know longer sit their evaluating image quality, you are too busy ducking the blast from Voldermort's wand.  
32. I know there are TV's out there that offer better picture quality, and that side by side I might like $5,000 one more, but sitting in my apartment basking in the narcotic glow of FoodTV HD, I have a hard time imagining it getting any better.  
33. I don't know if they have corrected the quality issues with their newer models but I'm not willing to give them another chance to take my money and run. 
34. Downside is, now I am keeping to DVD players  and my girlfriend won't let it go.The only draw back would be the sound quality.  
35. Okay enough ranting, here's what I think:The picture quality is first rate.  
36. The most pleasant surprise for me though was the amazing quality of SD channels.  
37. Picture quality is amazing!!! 
38. I want a picture that will blow me away (my old TV really had great picture quality), and this wasn't close.  
39. The picture quality is very very good. 
40. Its video quality is amazing! 
41. I did a whole lot of research on 46" TVs and this one was definitely a great combination of value and quality.  
42. I consider myself lucky that everything worked out this time but I will not order any other big ticket items from Amazon because I can't be sure of the shipping quality.
43. The picture is amazing but the sound quality is dissappointing.  
44. I was limited by the space I had to put it in so my decision was based largely on the size and the review from Consumer Reports (who said the sound quality was excellent).  
45. Good quality...sharp design...fast ship time...I recommend this TV!!
46. I've been doing nothing but gaming on it since I set it up and the picture quality is amazing.  
47. I can just imagine how great the picture quality will be!  
48. Picture quality is nice price was right.  
49. Samsung did an excellent job of blending style with class for a simply elegant design.The picture quality is superb.  
50. With the room lights turned up, the 61F actually delivered a darker apparent color of black, and of course, we didn't see nearly as much of the room--including a watcher's white shirt or the coffee table in front of the TVs.When we checked out the HP-T4661F's standard-def picture quality, using the HQV disc at 480i resolution via component video, the set performed exactly the same as the 65F--which is about average. 
51. Software upgrades can also be applied via the USB port.The side panel offers a USB port for music, photos, and firmware updates.PerformanceOverall, the Samsung LN-T4661F came close to the picture quality of its slightly more expensive brother, the LN-T4665F, but the latter earned a better performance score for a couple of reasons. 
52. But between the two, we did feel the LN-T4665F offered slightly better picture quality despite the shine (more on that below), making it a better choice for real home theater buffs and others with a lot of control over room lighting. 
53. "Samsung LN-T4661FAt a glance* Release date: April 1, 2007* Editors' rating: 7.9 Very good* The good: Flat-panel LCD HDTV produces deep black levels; accurate color after adjustment; clean image; numerous picture controls; beautiful styling.* The bad: Less shadow detail than some LCDs and plasmas; image discolors somewhat when seen from off-angle.* The bottom line: Although not quite the best of its breed, the Samsung LN-T4661F delivers very good picture quality with plenty of style and functionality.The LN-T4661F is Samsung's least-expensive 46-inch flat-panel LCD with 1080p native resolution for the 2007 model year. 
54. I am not currently using the HD mode, but even without it, the picture quality is great.  
55. The picture quality is sharp, vibrant, and crystal clear. 
56. We just couldn't rationalize spending all that extra money for the Bravia to get the same quality picture. 
57. Pros - Good picture qualityCons - Clicking noise for 30 secs when turning on or off the unit (relays) or when the pic dims and sound quality is just ok, but when you connect to your stereo it has an echo.  
58. In reading many reviews, checking things out at several stores, etc., I ended up going with the Samsung LNT4661 46" 1080p LCD HDTV, and I couldn't be happier - the picture quality is awesome and the design of the Samsung is very cool.  

negative sentences : 
1. I considered the Sony Bravia but could not justify the additional $$ for only a modest difference in quality.
2. The only problem is that the clarity of the TV really highlights how poor non-HD broadcast quality is.I had never bought anything through Amazon and was very wary of getting a big ticket, and fragile, item over the internet and shipped.  
3. Many of their models are having widespread issues due to poor quality parts used in their manufacturing.  
4. The picture quality is awesome in High Def and not that bad in standard definition. 
5. I bought a samsung 4665 lcd tv after reading many reviews,stating how nice the picture was and i was really disapointed.I brought the tv back to the store after a week of owning it.The biggist problem with this tv is the picture you get from standard definition there is so much jitter or you can call it picture noise,also there is lots of lag witch creates a very disapointing picture.I would consider myself someone who can really see's the difference in picture quality,but on the other hand my wife doesn't know much about tv's and the first thing she said when she saw the picture on sd,was your taking this thing back to the store.I did more research for another week or so and decided that i wasn't going to buy lcd again so i went for the panasonic 50px77u and i was blown away by the picture quality and so was my wife.With the samsung lcd the blacks would get washed away the second that you move away from the center of the tv,and the level of black wasn''t even close.The panasonic tv resembles alot more by projector cinema room witch is awesome.Now that i have first hand experiance with lcd vs plasma.I get a completely differnt sale pitch when i walk into televion stores.After speaking with the saleman they always end up telling me that they all have plasmas and that lcd's really suck.Sorry for pissing off a few of you,but i had to give back to the comunity witch helped me buy a tv that im really amazed with.Thanks for all your reviewsSerge Montreal,Quebec
6. I believe this problem has been corrected in sets with the latest manufactured date.I returned a Sony 46V2500 because of cloud issues and poor picture quality. 
7. I choose for Samsung T4661F based on the quality and price after reading many online reviews.The TV is great, just as described from many reviews. 
8. Very bad quality.  
9. Now, in November 2009, I find half of the screen is much darker than the other half, and as a result, the overall picture quality is just horrible.  
10. About a few months (and after my warranty had expired), we started having some major picture quality issues. 
11. Here are my observations.The picture quality is more than excellent.  
12. My issue is with the general quality of this Samsung set. 
13. They helped me up the stairs with the TV, took it out of the box and plugged it in to make sure it worked properly.Now on to the TV, some people have mentioned poor audio quality, but really, I don't think it's bad at all, but I always use my surround sound so its a moot point for me.Enough about the speakers though, it's the picture that really makes this set shine.  
14. I also found the stores misleading as many did not use quality signals or cables.  
15. SD DVD's on a player that doesn't upconvert looks relatively poor due to only being a 480p source, but doesn't look any worse than the picture quality of some projection TV's I've seen. 
16. I am anal about video quality, and the poor look of SD TV/DVD's is worth suffering through to experience the awesome HD quality, when it can be seen.I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this TV to anyone, especially as a dual use PC monitor/TV. 
17. I am anal about video quality, and the poor look of SD TV/DVD's is worth suffering through to experience the awesome HD quality, when it can be seen.I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this TV to anyone, especially as a dual use PC monitor/TV. 
18. So both organizations are just ignoring the horrible quality of dozens of Samsung models and just looking at the pretty new tee vee picher.
19. No complaints, quality is great and the tv is light enough to lift on my own.
20. This is the worst quality TV that I ever had.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : set, positive Score : 99 and negative Score :-25
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Delivery included the set up and was excellent  The picture is tremendous with the extra HD cable on the HD channels.  
2. I will definitely buy from Amazon again, I just have to wait to find the right set.
3. Set up could be easier, and documentation clearer--how about a quick setup guide?
4. It's my first HD set so I was really impressed by the picture quality. 
5. Can I assume it's a new set now??  
6. Our living room is large, and we have it set up perfectly, so this isn't a problem. 
7. However, when it works, it's great.You don't want to watch standard definition on this set, trust me. 
8. Be sure to set your HD box to just output 1080i and let the TV do the rest.  
9. The Samsung does a great job with SD and an amazing job with HD.This is just my initial impressions after using the set for a week.  
10. I would definitely recommend this set to anyone.Thanks to Amazon for selling this set at a great price; thanks to Eagle/CEVA for getting this to me so quickly in perfect condition in time for the Superbowl.All in all.  
11. And the set itself is good-looking. 
12. I haven't been able to watch it that much because my kids have the wii hooked up to it, but it looks great, the sound is plenty good for a bedroom set. 
13. This set replaces a cloudy Sony 46V2500 I had and it is outstanding. 
14. The sound is running through a Sony A/V receiver so I can't make comment on the sound from the set, but as a few folks have stated the sound is not the reason I bought this TV.  
15. Even from a fully digital dish feed SD TV will look very poor due to the extreme difference in the resolution of this set to SD(standard definition) TV. 
16. Great picture, easy set up.Got to say that the Delivery service used was great.  
17. Prior to that we watched a 27" analog set and the difference is amazing when viewing in HD.  
18. We chose to recieve another unit, so the delivery service reboxed the original set and returned it. all at no additional cost. 
19. This was easy to set up, light weight (especially compared to my last television) and what a picture! 
20. They came and set it up and made sure it was working before taking off.
21. SD broadcasts are much better thru the 4661 Samsung set than thru the CRT set, and CBS, ABC, and Fox broadcast more than one signal. 
22. Delivered on time, unpacked the TV, set it up and made sure everything was working correctly.I'd highly recommend buying a TV from Amazon!!
23. In addition to the standard brightness, contrast, etc., sliders, there's a full-fledged backlight control, which is also independent per input.In addition to the five presets for color temperature, there's a full set of detailed color temperature controls. 
24. For a complete look at our user-menu picture settings, click here or check out the Tips & Tricks section above.For this review, we set up the LN-T4661F next to a few other HDTVs we had on hand, including its aforementioned "shiny" step-up brother, the LN-T4665F, along with the Sony KDL-46S3000, the Panasonic TH-42PZ700U, and the Pioneer PRO-FHD1.We began, as usual, with a good look at the LN-T4661F's black-level performance, and the set did not disappoint. 
25. For a complete look at our user-menu picture settings, click here or check out the Tips & Tricks section above.For this review, we set up the LN-T4661F next to a few other HDTVs we had on hand, including its aforementioned "shiny" step-up brother, the LN-T4665F, along with the Sony KDL-46S3000, the Panasonic TH-42PZ700U, and the Pioneer PRO-FHD1.We began, as usual, with a good look at the LN-T4661F's black-level performance, and the set did not disappoint. 
26. With the room lights turned up, the 61F actually delivered a darker apparent color of black, and of course, we didn't see nearly as much of the room--including a watcher's white shirt or the coffee table in front of the TVs.When we checked out the HP-T4661F's standard-def picture quality, using the HQV disc at 480i resolution via component video, the set performed exactly the same as the 65F--which is about average. 
27. According to DisplayMate test patterns, the set resolved every line of vertical resolution and nearly every line of horizontal resolution with our video card set to 1,920x1,080 output. 
28. The benefits, according to Samsung, include more-accurate color and better black-level performance, to the extent that the company is claiming a 100,000:1 contrast ratio, the highest yet for a shipping flat-panel set. 
29. In my experience, set up was easy and the TV and picture are beautiful.Amazon had the best price anywhere on the internet and thier commitment to refund for any price drops within 30 days convinced me to "pull the trigger" on the purchase during a time when prices were expected to drop.  
30. The price on this excellent set varied on Amazon over the weeks leading up to Christmas 2007.  
31. The set at Best Buy was in an area facing windows and overhead light, and the glare was very noticeable. 
32. This TV is easy to set up and easy to use. 
33. Very happy with the tv and set up and Amazon saved me $300.
34. Great set,  while it's working.It crapped out after three weeks of continuous use.They fixed it today in my home,  that is really nice--- a house call.An early Christmas present !
35. Watch an animated feature like the Incredibles or Finding Nemo and you will see the full potential of the set.  
36. As delivered, the brightness and contrast is set way to high though.  
37. I had to look for info online and get amazon to call the delivery truck to set up a new time since they missed the delivery window.  
38. The set arrived in perfect condition and they set it up and turned it on.  
39. The set arrived in perfect condition and they set it up and turned it on.  
40. This is an excellent set, i got is as replacement from SAMSUNG form my 4695D.The PQ is very good both in SD and HD, PS3 and HDA2 players source really shows this TV potential. 
41. There are no clouding issues with this set the only issue is observed is HDMI drop outs on my PS3 sometimes (other manufactures have similar issues with HDMI handshake with 1080P content) and sometimes it takes long time to start i don't know why.Viewing angle are very good as i have wall mounted the set over fireplace with tilt mount. 
42. It takes longer to display when the set has been off for several hours than it does if off for a short time.Samsung support will not offer any help or suggestions since the television is out of warranty. 
43. It was packed pretty well and was very easy to set up. 
44. There were 2 very friendly guys that brought the TV in, unpacked everything, set it up on its stand right where I wanted it, powered it up, and we all verified that the screen worked and that there was sound. 
45. I did my research in advance of purchasing this unit, and there is a good reason it was the top rated set in its class and category.  
46. One other note: you do NOT need to splash out for an HD converter for this set to receive your local cable channels in high-def!  
47. If you get 50 channels without a set top box, then you will get those plus their HD counterparts (in this respect, Comcast was better than Verizon FiOS).  
48. Still, HD is soooo good on this set, you will want access to as many HD channels as you can get!
49. Plus -- I think we got a great price on the set that with the free delivery turned out to be about $500 less than we could get it for at our local Best Buy.  
50. I inititially planned on buying a 40" set but for a few hundred more I decided to go with the 46". 
51. The set up was easy, free delivery into my living room was fast and efficient. 
52. We are adding a surround sound system that will certainly address this "minor" issue.Highly recommend this set and dealing through Amazon.com to anyone - it was our first major online purchase, it could not have been a better experience.
53. I thought the tv was very easy to set up with an intuitive onscreen menu and a well organized owner's manual.I purchased this model in large part due to its anti-glare features, and I was not disappointed. 
54. With my older set, it was almost impossible to watch tv during the day with the blinds open. 
55. Excellent tv, easy to set up with great picture.Have had difficulty getting an input signal to the AV2 jacks which my son uses for games. 
56. Right out of the box it was easy to set up.  
57. I did a little research on some Audio/Video forums, and found there were other owners of this particular TV who were experiencing the same problem.I ended up fixing the problem myself by taking off the rear panel of the TV set. 
58. I have been extremely happy with this set.  
59. I'm not an electronics guru, but it was so simple to set up and get started with my new HD satelite system.TV was ready right out of the box. 
60. They came when they said they would and unpacked and plugged in the new set. 
61. So many people were getting this same set! 
62. The delivery people were great, set it up, tested it out, and didn't leave until the picture was fine (which didn't take long as the tv worked great right out of the box).  
63. This, above all, makes the set worthless.2) Reds are not true. 
64. I have a feeling it's the incoming signal, but it happens too rarely to set up a good test.The set is pleasing aesthetically with the black and silver case, although I would have preferred a matte black to cut down on glare from the sun shining in the windows.  
65. I have a feeling it's the incoming signal, but it happens too rarely to set up a good test.The set is pleasing aesthetically with the black and silver case, although I would have preferred a matte black to cut down on glare from the sun shining in the windows.  
66. My XBox 360 is stunning on this set. 
67. The crew deliverying the set was great.  
68. The gloss is close to what you find with Plasma sets and disqualified the bigger set for me.
69. It did give me time to set up the entire entertainment system. 
70. HDTV is great and the non-HD channels view better than with my old analog set.  
71. The set itself is very classy looking, with it's shiny finish.  
72. Great picture, easy set up, have had no problems in the month that I have owned it.  
73. wow did I have high hopes for this set. 
74. The set itself is beautiful - very sleek for a 46" - smaller profile than most other 46" LCD TV's.  
75. Cannot keep up with fast scenes at all, forget trying to watch sports.Flat panels still cant beat my old Sony CRT for overall picture quality.After owning the set for a year now I am going to do a 180 and say this is (was) the best set on the market. 
76. Eagle shipping was excellent, brought TV inside, unpacked set, tested operation, and took carton with them. 
77. The picture quality is good once the set is turned off then on again to remove the purple dots.  
78. The tv was delivered in perfect condition.It was $300 less than Best Buy and Circut City, no taxes (9.25% in Chicago,soon to be 10.25%) and free delivery,it's a no brainer.As far as the product goes its great.Beautiful picture,easy to set up,very good instructions. 
79. Set up was extremely easy. 
80. Eagle called on Friday with a 4 hour window for next day, they showed on time, uncrated, help me set up and offered to dispose of the box. 
81. I can just imagine how HD would look on a calibrated set.I also hooked up my laptop and enjoyed playing a couple of games with my kids on the large screen in full resolution.Great set! 
82. Anyway, as soon as I hooked up and turned on the Samsung, I knew I found the right set. 
83. The remote is excellent, fully programmable and easy to use.If you're considering a new 1080P set, check out Samsung's 46" LN-T4661F. 
84. It was very easy to set up.  
85. The newer TV's are much better at controllng this problem, but with LCD prices coming down, better safe than sorry.This set worked great out of the box with little adjustment.  
86. (which we do, isn't that the main reason for a big set ? 
87. Much better than a store in many ways ,do it again with no hesitation .Great picture ,sound ,and everything .Samsung is top shelf in my book.Set up with a good calibration disc and make sure to have the best connection from your source to get the best possible picture you can get and you'll love it !
88. I have a 57" Sony rear CRT projection set that has superb HD but the TIVO recordings are not so good.  
89. DIVX movies played via a Phillips DVD player look quite watchable to me also on this set.There may be comparable/cheaper/better TV's out there but for me, this was a very satisfying purchase.good luck!

negative sentences : 
1. My issue is with the general quality of this Samsung set. 
2. After doing some comparison research I decided that the extra $130 was well worth it for this set.I was a little apprehensive about purchasing a TV online, but the process was extremely smooth. 
3. it is pathetically irisory that we puertoricans,since 1914 have shed blood  for USA in all bloody wars and right now we cotinue doig so in Iraq and Afghanistan and you bureaucratc ruled company wont let us buy even a meager TV SET.i KNOW YOU WILL DISREAGARD THIS e- mAIL AND ,LIKE ALWAYS WILL SHIFT THE BLAME ON SOME HAZY us governmen gray GIANT SUB-SUB SUB AGENCY REGULATION.IF THIS DOESNT SOUND AS FLAGRANT RACISM, BIGOTRY AND PREJUDICE AGAINS US,LET ME KNOW HOW ELSE YOU CALL IT.
4. We also bought a multi directional antenna from Amazon and set it on top of a speaker pointed in the direction of our closest TV market(Toledo) and are pulling in local stations we never got before that are HD. 
5. I live on top of a hill and the set received 15 different numbers channels using amplified rabbit ears. 
6. We'd like to see dedicated buttons for each input, although since the set automatically senses and skips inactive inputs, cycling between sources is less arduous than usual.FeaturesReaders of the LN-T4665F review will experience some deja vu when reading the below because the two reviews' Features sections, like the two TVs' feature sets, are basically identical.With a native resolution of 1,920x1,080 pixels, popularly known as "1080p," the Samsung LN-T4661F has enough pixels to resolve every detail of 1080i and 1080p HDTV sources, although it falls a bit short in real life (see Performance for more). 
7. I read mixed reviews on the benefits of the 120hz, so I decided to not spend the extra 400+ to get a set with it.  
8. Amazon price is very good as compared to retail store prices, with no tax and free delivery it is steal at Amazon.Proper calibration is must to get the better PQ on this set, this set provide more picture settings compared to my 4695D, movie mode (more natural picture with natural skin tones)in the Picture setup must be calibrated properly to get the best PQ otherwise picture does not look good which not TV's issue.
9. Amazon price is very good as compared to retail store prices, with no tax and free delivery it is steal at Amazon.Proper calibration is must to get the better PQ on this set, this set provide more picture settings compared to my 4695D, movie mode (more natural picture with natural skin tones)in the Picture setup must be calibrated properly to get the best PQ otherwise picture does not look good which not TV's issue.
10. The other problem is when the set is turned on it now takes 30 seconds to 1 minute for it to display a picture. 
11. The Cost to repair is more than the set is worth and if the repairs are made the same problems will likely return in a year or two.In conclusion I think a television in the $2000 price range should typically be trouble free for more than two years. 
12. Standard definition looks lousy on such a set, however, so wait to buy if you do not have access to HD programming.  
13. The Cable guy set it up wrong for us too!
14. The current price on Amazon (around 1600) is a DEAL -- I paid 300 more and am still very happy with the deal I got.Delivery was fine; I know some people have had trouble with Eagle but I found them flexible on delivery time, they scheduled delivery within 24 hours of them getting the TV, they showed up exactly when they said they would, and set things up appropriately.One slight glitch -- if you use this TV with a Samsung home theater, there are some weird issues where the home theater and the TV communicate with each other a bit too much; e.g., I like to listen to CDs on the home theater, but the TV turns on whenever I insert a CD.  
15. He has a "Blue Ray" disk player connected to it and tells me that Blue Ray HD movies make you think that you are on the movie set, due to the sharpness of the screen.Samsung LNT4661F 46" 1080p LCD HDTV
16. Like the rest on this review section, what was a good deal ($1600) turned sour when earlier this year our set started having a dark cast (blocking) over the left-side, and then some, of the tv.  
17. This 46inch Samsung TV replaces my Panasonic 42inch Plasma and let me tell you I've been more than happy with this set,no problem and I also got a superdeal on this set,I consider this LCD a gift from Amazon for the the price that I paid....Thank you Amazon.
18. I paid 699.00 for this set and now it is worthless. 
19. I concluded that Samsung was by far the best and Amazon has the best prices and delivery.I paid $1549 for this set, no taxes and free delivery! 
20. The set arrived a little late but in very good condition.  
21. While the connectors on the left side and the manual controls on the right are handy, the placement "in a wall" of my set renders them either hard to use for space or impossible to read the labels.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : screen, positive Score : 94 and negative Score :-24
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Same problem as mentioned in the numerous 1 star reviews here.The screen is completely black when turned on and takes about an hour to warm up.After what I've read in the other reviews here it even seems pointless to have it repaired.In the market for a new TV 3 years after I bought this one...Interestingly enough, I know a lot of people that have bought the same TV in Norway, where warranty is more consumer friendly and you have the rights to complain several years after buying a product, and they have no issues what so ever. 
2. The constant resizing of the screen is a bit annoying. 
3. But after about 2 years, the screen developed a shadowy defect on the right side of the panel.  
4. The matte screen completely eliminates any glare or reflections and provides a great HD picture. 
5. The old rear projection had an anti-glare screen on it.  
6. I can avoid "burn-in" (2 hours of the same graphics on the screen) by simply pressing the "psize" button until I cycle through the 6 various zoom setting until I find the best one for the show I'm watching.  
7. The other feature I like with the 4661F is the round power button below the face of the screen that has a spiffy initialization chime. 
8. I muted the TV to just use the stereo and the mute icon stayed on the screen the whole time.
9. Enough of background, here are my details.COMPARED TO 4665F:  I went with this only because of its matte screen compared to the glossy finish of the 4665.  
10. The way to fix this is as follows:(Make sure to make a note of your picture calibration settings, as mine were reset after going into the service menu)With your TV off, press MUTE, 1, 8, 2, and then POWERThen, choose the OPTION BYTE.IMPORTANT: DO NOT MESS WITH ANY OTHER SETTINGS THAN THE ONES LISTED:Make sure the SCREEN SIZE is correct: Panel Option = 46AMW for LN-T4665 displays, and 46AM for LN-T4661 displays.Make sure that if you own an LN-T4x65 that your Lvds Tx Bit = 10bit.Make sure if you own an LN-T4x61 that your Lvds Tx Bit = 8bit.If you own an LN-T4x65, your should change your model so it says "Tulip Side."
11. We complained about the 65F's shiny screen because it reflected lots of ambient light, acting more like a mirror than any TV screen we'd seen yet. 
12. The 61F's screen has the standard matte finish, which really cuts down on glare. 
13. But if you're stuck with a bright room or simply don't want to contend with the glare from the 65F's screen, the 61F makes a solid choice.During setup, as usual, we adjusted the picture settings to levels ideal for our darkened theater. 
14. The washed-out blacks and red coloration became more apparent the farther we moved off-axis.On the flip side, the LN-T4661F's matte screen reflected far less ambient light than the shiny screen of the 65F. 
15. The washed-out blacks and red coloration became more apparent the farther we moved off-axis.On the flip side, the LN-T4661F's matte screen reflected far less ambient light than the shiny screen of the 65F. 
16. Of course, these models include the same shiny screen we complained about in the LN-T4665F review, which Samsung calls "Super clear panel."
17. All this pretty-sounding technology costs a pretty penny compared to the 71F series (from $300 to $600 extra depending on screen size), but it has the potential to really improve picture quality. 
18. Aside from the LED backlight, the LN-T81F series is pretty much identical to the 71F series in terms of specs and includes the same shiny screen.Models (estimated selling prices)* Samsung LN-T4081F (2 999)* Samsung LN-T4681F (3 999)* Samsung LN-T5281F (4 999)* Samsung LN-T5781F (6 999)Step-up features* LED backlight* local dimming* 100,000:1 contrast ratio
19. An irregular circular shaped spot about 6 to 8 inches upper center of the screen, that became progressively worse. 
20. On the 17th month a dark black shadow began to appear across the entire screen periodically. 
21. The LNT4665F handles those slightly better than the LNT4661, but the LNT4661 still looked better than any other LCD nearby.2) The shiny screen on the LNT4665 will DEFINITELY create glare issues in any room where you cannot control direct or ambient light. 
22. As my living room gets light from a ceiling fixture, two lamps, and three windows, I feel that I made the right choice in going with the LNT4661F given its matte screen.3) Eagle Global Logistics was a PAIN regarding delivery. 
23. I recently installed the 46 inch Samsung flat screen on a wall in a newly added room in our home. 
24. After researching and researching big screen TVs, switching from model to model, I finally decided on this one. 
25. We have big windows plus a wood stove facing the panel so the 4661's matte screen is a must for us.  
26. (I find the look of the matte screen better and more natural than the glossy screen anyway).  
27. (I find the look of the matte screen better and more natural than the glossy screen anyway).  
28. The tv works beautifully, just the right size screen for us.  
29. This is our first flat screen tv and we don't know what could be wrong for others, but we find nothing wrong at all.  
30. When I turn it on, the screen is divided into 4 horizontal segments, with ghost shapes appearing below the images. 
31. When my Dad was looking for a big screen LCD a few months back I directed him to Amazon and Samsung and he's been very happy with his purchase as well. 
32. Recently it started displaying tiny light spots all over the screen. 
33. I think the matte finish on the 4661F screen is excellent as there is no glare whatsoever.  
34. Also, the shiny surface surrounding the screen is not noticed at all.  
35. The matte screen provides a glare/reflection free experience even with every light in the room on.  
36. I have a black screen and no sound.  
37. I had purchased my first LCD TV at Circuit City which is a 37" Sharp model and wanted to upgrade to a larger screen.  
38. The next model up - LNT4665 is a shiny glary screen).Picture in SD- Not as good as HD (ofcourse...), but nowhere near as bad as some have described. 
39. The 4665 has a 15,000 to one contrast ratio, but some reviewers complained of the glossy screen. 
40. For me, I wanted a glare free screen, hence the decision on the 4661. 
41. However, after reading the reviews that the TV had a screen that could reflect light more I decided to go with the 4661 and I am very happy that I did.  
42. I love the non-reflective screen; I think this is the primary factor differentiating this model from the 4665 -- I have a big window right behind my TV and I don't notice the light reflection at all. 
43. If you're watching standard definition TV in 4:3 viewing mode, you still get the screen real estate equivalent to a 37" standard TV! 
44. one side of screen looked great, but 1/2 was so dark you could barely see.Not buying a samsumg again.....
45. The matte finish on the screen stops all the glare I used to have from my old tube TV. 
46. Love the non glare screen, 46" perfect from 10ft away. 
47. Watch out for Samsung LCD TVs.This model worked fine for about 15 months, thengrayish vertical streaks appeared that lookedlike smudges on the screen.Had repairman come out, he said the pixels weremessed up on that portion of screen.Replacement screens run $800 plus installation.AND, they are backordered (leading me to believe thisis a fairly common problem).Called Samsung and got the "song and dance" andno service, I will not be buying other Samsungproducts, and letting all know of my dissatifactionwith Samsung products and company policies.
48. Watch out for Samsung LCD TVs.This model worked fine for about 15 months, thengrayish vertical streaks appeared that lookedlike smudges on the screen.Had repairman come out, he said the pixels weremessed up on that portion of screen.Replacement screens run $800 plus installation.AND, they are backordered (leading me to believe thisis a fairly common problem).Called Samsung and got the "song and dance" andno service, I will not be buying other Samsungproducts, and letting all know of my dissatifactionwith Samsung products and company policies.
49. So a little after 4 years the main panel/screen is going bad.  
50. I have the same problem with the horizontal lines going across the screen and the blurry picture that I keep reading about all over the internet.  
51. Well....1) when your TV goes to a 100% white screen in less than 2 months, 2)and you go through countless hours with Samsung "customer service" (a joke in itself) getting lied to and no results, 3)and you go through countless hours with their designated repair service (and this was the 3rd one assigned until someone actually responded and came to look at it!)
52. Occasionally, I get a flash of heavily green or blue tinted screen, but I haven't tested to determine if this is a problem with the incoming signal or the tv.  
53. I was looking at the shiny screen version of this the LNT4665F but decided I did not want to take a chance on the reflections interfering with the picture.  
54. The screen isn't the high gloss type found on higher models which suits me fine.
55. I did not expect that, and I have not read a word about this in any reviews of flat screen TVs. 
56. I did consider the LNT4665F but the glossy screen and overall glossiness was just too annoying. 
57. But reviewers - CNET mainly - sited the matted screen as a good daylight alternative to the newer model 4665 which has a flat glass screen.  
58. But reviewers - CNET mainly - sited the matted screen as a good daylight alternative to the newer model 4665 which has a flat glass screen.  
59. This is a terrific large screen LCD HDTV.  
60. This is my first "big screen" TV. 
61. Screen is crystal clear for HD and DVD.  
62. Like I said some of those lower channels are really hurting when watching on a screen this large. 
63. But now, one and a half years later we are very dissatisfied.The TV has developed a problem with delamination (portions of screen have blackish streaks that turn dark bluish on blue and purplish on white). 
64. I can just imagine how HD would look on a calibrated set.I also hooked up my laptop and enjoyed playing a couple of games with my kids on the large screen in full resolution.Great set! 
65. It shows 4 horizontal lines on the screen and ghosting of images on the right side. 
66. The matte screen does reduce the contrast and dark detail a little bit comparing to 4665, 4671, and Sony, but is the right choice for our bright living room.The on TV speakers are average. 
67. The TV is great, I am glad I got the matte screen. 
68. Actually, the guy was already there and patiently waited for me 15 minutes (he over estimated the time to get to my place).Then, he unboxed it and I hooked it up and he waited while I made sure everything looked good on the screen. 
69. After determining the maximum LCD flat screen dimensions that would fit in my built-in entertainment center cabinet, I settled on this TV once I saw the Amazon reviews that indicated the non reflective screen would work in my bright family room with south facing windows opposite the TV.The set arrived on Eagle freight about a week later. 
70. After determining the maximum LCD flat screen dimensions that would fit in my built-in entertainment center cabinet, I settled on this TV once I saw the Amazon reviews that indicated the non reflective screen would work in my bright family room with south facing windows opposite the TV.The set arrived on Eagle freight about a week later. 
71. The bright screen was super for daytime viewing, even in the noontime sun.Earlier this week, Dish Network came to install the HDTV DVR receiver. 
72. The Amazon adviser was helpful in selecting this non-glare screen, which is just right for my sunny family room.  
73. Now the screen is completely black; no images, only audio.And of course the warranty ran out a year after purchase.Unless you want to throw your money away, stay away from Samsung products!
74. A little of the top and bottom gets cut off, but the full screen gets used.  
75. Once I saw that the 4665 had a glossy screen, and the 4661 was a matte screen, I was sold.  
76. Once I saw that the 4665 had a glossy screen, and the 4661 was a matte screen, I was sold.  
77. So, the glossy screen would have had a distracting glare.As for buying from Amazon, it was the most pleasant experience.  
78. This TV is very good, the only shame is that i don't have any content in 1080p to show on its beautiful screen, but i'm planning on buying a blu-ray player soon to really see its full potential.

negative sentences : 
1. Loved the TV for about 20 months and then lost an 8" wide vertical section on the left side of the screen. 
2. Turns out the screen panel was defective.  
3. This was an upgrade from a 30" 720p/1080i unit that did a good job, but and don't mistake these comments for simply awe from the increased screen size and resolution. 
4. More pleased every day with these purchases-2010 UPDATE- This TV has developed a dark streak down the middle of the screen after less than 2 yrs. 
5. Had a Samsung monitor for less than 2 yrs and the screen went black one day and can't be repaired. 
6. I did a side-by-side comparison in the store at Best Buy, in full daylight, against theSamsung LNT4665F 46" 1080p LCD HDTV, the next model up, and what turned me off from the 4665 was the reflective glare on the glossy screen that looked like you were staring directly into an opaque mirror in blacks. 
7. The non-glare screen on the 4661F is perfect for watching movies and naturally lends itself to an authentic film projected look. 
8. New TVs equipped with the updated firmware will arrive on store shelves, according to Samsung, by mid- to late July 2007.Flat-panel LCDs often display imperfect uniformity across the screen, although the LN-T4661F was better than most in this regard. 
9. Just saw I can't link youtube here(sorry about that amazon)so go to youtube and paste this in the search box->  Samsung LNT4661f problem brown screen  &lt;- the video that comes up shows what mine and many others are talking about with the picture.No clicking or going on and off on its own yet, but there is a video on youtube for that also.so please, from the bottom of my heart, don't buy this.
10. You may find it necessary to use the connectors on the left side of the screen as there's only one S-Video connector on the rear panel.  
11. That is unless you get into the hdmi version 1.3 or above (1.3a, 1.3b).check here [...]You also don't need to get a hdtv antenna, just a regular old antenna or rabbit ears will work fine, I actually am not using anything for an antenna but can still pick up local hd stations over the air.I chose this one over the lnt4665f due to the screen reflection differences and the windows i have in my room.  
12. That's due to the glass screen itself.Also remember to keep checking back on the price from day to day during the initial 30 day period of ordering it, I saved $80 just by seeing the price dropping and emailing customer service about it.
13. I also recommend the matte screen, no reflections.
14. With a dark screen it looks like the night sky on a very dark clear star lit night.3. 
15. I also considered the Samsung LNT4665F, however I thought day light may produce some reflection off screen.One major note:  Amazon is great!!!  
16. Now, in November 2009, I find half of the screen is much darker than the other half, and as a result, the overall picture quality is just horrible.  
17. The Samsung tech who came out to fix the capacitor problem confirmed in fact the panell/screen is going bad.  
18. It would block sections of the screen in various locations - top 1/4, left half of screen, then back and forth. 
19. It would block sections of the screen in various locations - top 1/4, left half of screen, then back and forth. 
20. I now have half of the screen in a black gradient while watching shows.  
21. I needed the low glare screen for my living room environment, Its eveerything I dreamed of. 
22. The diagnosis was bad lcd screen  , probably bad circuit board. 
23. The no glare screen is perfect if you have a lot of light in your room. 
24. The little "chime" that plays will play and the screen will go black and then just come back on like nothing happened.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : price, positive Score : 104 and negative Score :-16
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Samsung LNT4661F 46" 1080p LCD HDTVIn a few words, this is a great TV at a great price. 
2. I would definitely recommend this set to anyone.Thanks to Amazon for selling this set at a great price; thanks to Eagle/CEVA for getting this to me so quickly in perfect condition in time for the Superbowl.All in all.  
3. The price was great. 
4. Price at Amazon was great and shipped in 5 days.
5. I don't think you can get anything close to this good for the price. 
6. After reading Consumer Reports review of it, and hearing a lot of good things about Samsung, this became my first choice, so I snatched it up when this refurb came available at an awesome price.I haven't yet got a Blue-Ray player but I can say that all the 1080i and 720 sources from my cable company look awesome. 
7. I decided to purchase from Amazon because of the excellent price in comparison to the local places and because there was no sales tax or shipping costs.The first month or so I was without HD programming and the picture was pretty decent.  
8. Amazon beat any local price by a few hundred dollars and our experience with Eagle was great. 5 days from order to delivery. 
9. I'm still fiddling with the picture controls, since many people say that the factory settings are not optimal, but I'm not sure what optimal is anyway.Bottom line: Its a great TV at a great price with hassle free purchase and delivery.
10. Now that we have it we are very pleased with it.Amazon, as always, provided a great price and great service. 
11. The Amazon price dropped 3 times within the month (maybe had something to do with the holiday because the price is now higher than the original purchase price) and after e-mailing Amazon for a price adjustment, they made prompt credit refunds.  
12. The Amazon price dropped 3 times within the month (maybe had something to do with the holiday because the price is now higher than the original purchase price) and after e-mailing Amazon for a price adjustment, they made prompt credit refunds.  
13. The Amazon price dropped 3 times within the month (maybe had something to do with the holiday because the price is now higher than the original purchase price) and after e-mailing Amazon for a price adjustment, they made prompt credit refunds.  
14. The HD picture is absolutely amazing, and for the price I bought it at, I feel this is the best deal you could get anywhere if you are interested in a LCD TV that is good for TV, movies, and video games. 
15. However, the price of the Samsung was superior.SAMSUNG WINS OUTOnce the first cut was complete, I looked up the most recent reviews in Consumer Reports.  
16. Although it could be for you.So, I narrowed the choice down to the Samsung 4665F LCD and began looking for the best price.  
17. Still I held out hope.The best price was found on Amazon.com.  
18. It easily stood out among a wall of higher name brands like Sony, Sharp, and Pioneer and was nearly half the price of a comparable Sony Bravia. 
19. (I'd recommend watching the price fairly regularly during the 30 days after purchase, since it only dropped for a few hours when we called, and had returned to its original price by morning.) 
20. The price can have spurts of unpredictable fluctuation and special offers at times, which can make it an even better deal if you're diligent.
21. I am not a techie type at all, though I was looking for a good HDTV at a good price (& it had to be a LCD because of altitude issues).  
22. As far as buying it though the Internet and Amazon, needless to say, I was a little worried at first; but, after reading other reviews and talking to Amazon directly, I went for it, and the TV was delivered w/o issue, and in a timely manner - AND, THE PRICE WAS UNMATCHED!!  
23. The price was fantastic and Amazon was super to deal with.
24. In my experience, set up was easy and the TV and picture are beautiful.Amazon had the best price anywhere on the internet and thier commitment to refund for any price drops within 30 days convinced me to "pull the trigger" on the purchase during a time when prices were expected to drop.  
25. The price on this excellent set varied on Amazon over the weeks leading up to Christmas 2007.  
26. Great price for a wonderful HDTV!!! 
27. I did a lot of shopping around and actually picked this TV out in store, then went online to Amazon for the great price and free shipping. 
28. Amazon's sale price saved me $500 over the best price from big-box and local appliance stores.3. 
29. Outstanding price, delivery was on time (during Christmas season!)
30. The 4661F had all that was important to me(3 HDMI's,side connections, and of course the picture was the best of the other 46" tv's I reviewed).The price from Amazon was extremely important in my overall decision The picture is very good on many HD channels, ESPN,FOX,NBC, and the Discovery Channel are strong signals that make me sit in awe. 
31. First, I want to say thank you Amazon for the best price and service.  
32. grat price great resolution. 
33. Picture quality is nice price was right.  
34. What tipped me over the edge was the fact that Consumer Reports Magazine rated it #1 LCD and the fact that Amazons price was so good. 
35. The 4661 had a picture as good and in most cases better than the competition for a better price. 
36. Bought at a great price through Amazon...free shipping at the time.  
37. After seeing the TVs in person the best, crispest models by far were Samsung and Sony, but Sony price is a lot higher.  
38. I just purchased this TV for my home and wow, not only is the picture very clear and crisp the blacks are close to true black.It took about 30 min to get everything set up and I have had no problems whatso ever with it.A great buy at a great price.  
39. Made all the better by Amazon's great price ($1509),free Logitech remote and free delivery. 
40. Amazon had, by far, the best price on the entire internet, when you factored in the free shipping.  
41. And while I fortunately did not have to test the part of the process had there been shipping damage, I have no doubt that they would have packed it right back up and returned it for me had there been any damage.And as if all of that wasn't good enough, Amazon's price went down another $60 a few days after mine shipped ... so I sent an email to customer service, and before the end of the day I had an email back from them saying they would credit the difference to my credit card ... which they promptly followed through on and did.So, not only would I highly recommend this Samsung LNT4661F 46" LCD TV, I would highly recommend buying it from Amazon!
42. Plus -- I think we got a great price on the set that with the free delivery turned out to be about $500 less than we could get it for at our local Best Buy.  
43. I think the Samsung LNT 4661F is the best combination of quality and price available.
44. It works great with the TV remote (Nirvana).Amazon Experience: THE BEST people and PRICE- Guaranteed for 30 days.  
45. Good price from an authorized Samsung dealer. 
46. Amazon's price was nearly $200 cheaper with free shipping AND they did an amazing job getting it delivered to us a week before Christmas via their equally impressive delivery service. 
47. I located the model at a local discount store and was impressed with the picture and features it offered.I went back to the Internet and found an excellent discount price offered along with free shipping.The article arrived on schedule and I had no problem with hanging it on a wall.  
48. In addition, the price was great @ Amazon.  
49. They picked up the 95D and refunded full price including shipping and received the credit within a week.  
50. As the price has dropped over the past few weeks, Amazon has credited my credit card with the price difference.  
51. CNet & Consumer reports both rate this as top in class and for the price it is the best buy out there. 
52. About the price,,,,,The lowest price I found anywhere was $2199. 
53. About the price,,,,,The lowest price I found anywhere was $2199. 
54. The lowest price after I ordered was $2399,,,,This savings was the only reason I went ahead and ordered such a large item from Amazon.I paid $1529 with free shipping. 
55. Highly recommended and a great value for the price.
56. From ordering on-line to refunds for price differences, Amazon has exceeded my expectations. 
57. Amazon Price was great, $1479.00 with free delivery. 
58. Bottom line: great TV, great service, and best price by far from Amazon. 
59. Excellent TV for the price.  
60. Amazon was great, delivery was great, the price was great and the television is great.  
61. Great TV for the price. 
62. Anyway, for the price this is a GREAT TV!!
63. I was impressed with connectivity and, most important, the price.I was impressed when set up at home. 
64. Also Amazon matched the lowest price that I saw the TV for and gave me back nearly $80 from what  I paid.  
65. The price was better than I could find elsewhere and with free shipping this was a pretty easy decision.I'm a fairly cautious buyer and particularly so with such a large ticket item.  
66. Can not think of any bad things to say about this TV Great price and features if you are in the market for for this size LCD HDTV look no further
67. Great TV, great price.I ordered the TV to watch the national championship game.  
68. Price was excellent, saving $400 over any local retailer.  
69. Only suggestion is to take the tv out of the factory setting,It defaults to dynamic picture setting and its way to bright.Great value and great quality for the price.
70. For me the best price and value came with Amazon.  
71. Well... after shopping around for a little while and knowing the price range I wanted to target, I made my decision to go with the Samsung LN-T4661F.  
72. Amazon had the best price by $150 with free shipping so there was no question there.  
73. I know that Samsung has a few higher, more expensive models, but I figure that TV's are only going to get better so I could wait forever to find the best TV for the best price.First I'd like to talk about the shipping.  
74. (As a sidenote on this amazing deal, one of my friends works at Best Buy and informed me that the price I paid is equivalent to "at cost.")I was impressed with my TV before I had HD installed, but when the cable company came to set it up, I was blown away.  
75. Just received my Samsung 4661F - great price, great product, white glove service by Eagle Shipping was excellent!  
76. Very good price! 
77. Awesome buy for the price.  
78. All for the same price as the 4661. 
79. Not only is the price the lowest I can find for this model, they also offer free shipping and no sales tax. 
80. Amazon had the best price, it shipped quickly, and the shipping service brought it into my house and plugged it in to make sure it had no physical damage and that it powered up.The TV itself is great with any good HD service.  
81. The Amazon price, including free shipping, was a bargain compared to local stores and made the TV a real value for a quality 46" 1080P picture. 
82. Moreover, Amazon refunded the difference when its own price fell within 30 days of my purchase. 
83. However, it's easily the best tv in its price range.The default color settings for this TV are terrible, but after following the adjustment settings I found on another website, they are much better. 
84. But once I decided on the 4661F I was so pleased with the price I decided to take a chance. 
85. Great price and fantastic TV.  
86. This is the lowest price 1080p 46" HDTV that Samsung makes and it has many other features that other brands don't (USB port, JPEG viewer, etc) and still one of the most accurate color pictures on the market equal to Sony models much more expensive.  
87. Plus Amazon 30 days price adjustment make easy to buy from Amazon.

negative sentences : 
1. I was initially going to purchase a Samsung LN-S4695D because the price had dropped so low, but then I saw this set.  
2. I got the tv on time, and in one piece and it works great.... but, the delivery was not even close to what i expected... but hey, then again, delivery was free, so i got what i paid for.Overall....TV gets an AAmazon gets an A (cheapest price anywhere, no taxes, free shipping)Delivery (EAGLE) gets a C
3. Too bad they increased the price since I bought mine, but it will come down. 
4. This TV is in the price/feature sweet spot.
5. Suffice it to say that the price was excellent, no tax, no delivery charge, and, after ordering it on a Thursday, it was delivered on Tuesday. 
6. The price from Amazon was much less than I found anywhere locally.  
7. Amazon price is very good as compared to retail store prices, with no tax and free delivery it is steal at Amazon.Proper calibration is must to get the better PQ on this set, this set provide more picture settings compared to my 4695D, movie mode (more natural picture with natural skin tones)in the Picture setup must be calibrated properly to get the best PQ otherwise picture does not look good which not TV's issue.
8. The current price on Amazon (around 1600) is a DEAL -- I paid 300 more and am still very happy with the deal I got.Delivery was fine; I know some people have had trouble with Eagle but I found them flexible on delivery time, they scheduled delivery within 24 hours of them getting the TV, they showed up exactly when they said they would, and set things up appropriately.One slight glitch -- if you use this TV with a Samsung home theater, there are some weird issues where the home theater and the TV communicate with each other a bit too much; e.g., I like to listen to CDs on the home theater, but the TV turns on whenever I insert a CD.  
9. I know some will say its just a TV, but its a beauty especially with other TV's at this price. 
10. I saved about $700 this way over any other price I could find. 
11. Amazon has this for very less price. 
12. I choose for Samsung T4661F based on the quality and price after reading many online reviews.The TV is great, just as described from many reviews. 
13. No issues, great picture and super price from Amazon.

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : delivery, positive Score : 84 and negative Score :-22
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. He delivered the TV into my house (with my help, only a single person delivery team) then asked me to sign without unpacking and checking the HDTV as the white glove service is supposed to do.  
2. Eagle Delivery was also great.  
3. Delivery was so prompt and the delivery company was awesome. 
4. Delivery was so prompt and the delivery company was awesome. 
5. Some have complained about the "white glove" delivery.  
6. The delivery was great. 
7. It lives up to others' good comments about the picture and my delivery was excellent, arrived in just a few days after ordering. 
8. The packaging was intact and the delivery person took it out of the box so that I had immediate confirmation that the tv had not been mishandled.
9. Delivery was great. 
10. Hey, it's at least $400 cheaper than your local electronics super store, plus you get free delivery, and a 30 day money back guarantee. 
11. Amazon was great, delivery was great, the price was great and the television is great.  
12. They were very happy to move the delivery date up since he was only about 40 minutes away from them.  
13. EXCELLENT delivery service.  
14. We are very pleased with this T.V., and we were pleasantly surprised when the two delivery people brought it in, unpacked it, hooked it up, turned it on, and asked if we were satisfied with it.
15. Everything about the product, the transaction, and the delivery was perfect.
16. Amazon Price was great, $1479.00 with free delivery. 
17. Great LCD (LNT4661F), excellent delivery and setup, also saved $280.00 in price reductions. 
18. The delivery people were great, set it up, tested it out, and didn't leave until the picture was fine (which didn't take long as the tv worked great right out of the box).  
19. The delivery guys were great and after originally giving me a 4 hour window, they narrowed that down to 30 minutes and were right on time.I unpacked the tv and hooked it up to my directv with hdmi and had the set working within about 5 minutes.  
20. I am not into all the technical details but I can say that it was money well spent and home delivery was free!!!!!.
21. The delivery person was nice enough and did call about 1:50pm to let me know he was running late due to heavy traffic, but still....  
22. Since I really like my Samsung 22" monitor and needed a 46" TV vs. a 47" (to fit in an existing hole in the wall) I turned to this set and couldn't be more pleased.The Eagle delivery here (Rochester, NY) was handled very well and happened a week before promised.  
23. I wish this TV should have auto adjusting  picture size feature based on HD or Non HD, I have to adjust the non HD channels to wide mode manually.Overall no issues so far and i am satisfied with this product.Amazon's delivery is great.
24. The delivery men made sure it was working before leaving.  
25. They were very professional and our delivery man was kind enough to help us downstairs with our old TV.I would very much recommend buying this TV from Amazon.
26. Something else I'm sure you may be concerned about is buying something like this online and the shipping, etc., well let me tell you that the shipping company EGL ("Eagle") did a great job in communicating the delivery. 
27. First off, Amazon did a great job with delivery.  
28. Delivery and setup were fine.  
29. He also was very flexible with delivery times which was great for us since my husband and I work full time.
30. Not to mention the delivery guy for Amazon was polite and informative.  
31. The delivery service was excellent though I had some real doubts about shipping an item this large and expensive. 
32. Delivery and setup was very good as well.
33. The delivery service was great. 
34. The tv was delivered in perfect condition.It was $300 less than Best Buy and Circut City, no taxes (9.25% in Chicago,soon to be 10.25%) and free delivery,it's a no brainer.As far as the product goes its great.Beautiful picture,easy to set up,very good instructions. 
35. The Amazon "white glove" delivery was great!  
36. The delivery was effortless for me. 
37. It was delivered in perfect condition and the delivery guy offered to take the box away.  
38. Eagle delivery was also outstanding! 
39. Amazon's price on this set can't be beat, especially with free delivery.  
40. The delivery man waited to make sure it was working before leaving in order to save us the hassle if the TV was damaged. 
41. I requested a refund 3 times as the price dropped leading up to Christmas and it was promptly granted each time.I had the same less-than-impressive delivery experience as others have mentioned in reviews but the "white glove" service was nothing more than a novelty to me anyway.  
42. I run the sound through my receiver to the surround sound speakers.DELIVERY:  While I didn't read the 2,000+ reviews on this model, I did read enough to see everyone either hated the Eagle delivery or loved it.  
43. Rather than schedule a delivery and have to wait several more days, I simply called Eagle Logistics and told them I was coming to pick it up.  
44. The delivery service was wonderful; the men were courteous and professional in every way.I can only reinforce the glowing reports from so many other reviewers as to the absolutely easy set-up and stunning picture. 
45. The picture is awesome, the delivery was ahead of schedule. 
46. Very professional delivery and set-up.  
47. I'm still fiddling with the picture controls, since many people say that the factory settings are not optimal, but I'm not sure what optimal is anyway.Bottom line: Its a great TV at a great price with hassle free purchase and delivery.
48. We chose to recieve another unit, so the delivery service reboxed the original set and returned it. all at no additional cost. 
49. When we registered the television on line with Samsung USA we received an additional three months of warranty.We purchased this TV through AMAZON and the free white glove delivery service was great as they unboxed the TV and set it up to insure it worked.  
50. Great picture, easy set up.Got to say that the Delivery service used was great.  
51. My tv had been in Philadelphia for 4 days before i called them, and they said "oh yeah, we were going to call you in two days to set up a delivery time" So anyway... good thing i called. 
52. I was tracking my delivery on-line, and when it came close to my home town and sat there for a few days i decided to call. 
53. To my pleasant surprise, it was in the local Eagle/CEVA delivery facility on 2/1/08.  
54. I told him I was ready and waiting for the delivery.  
55. Strange that CEVA schedules deliveries with clients between 4-7 pm but the delivery staff won't work past 6?!
56. Hi-def on this looks razor sharp and the colors are rich and blacks are deep...even with the factory settings. if you are looking for an hdtv lcd, this is it. i have 2, the 46 and 52 inch....love them both. ordering from amazon was a snap and the delivery was great. they carried it into my house, unpacked it, waited for me to plug it in and then took the boxes and left. what more could you want. again...just buy it, you wont be sorry.
57. The delivery was made a little sooner than expected. 
58. The free delivery service from Amazon was excellent.  
59. The free "white glove" delivery service was exceptional. 
60. Plus -- I think we got a great price on the set that with the free delivery turned out to be about $500 less than we could get it for at our local Best Buy.  
61. The set up was easy, free delivery into my living room was fast and efficient. 
62. Delivery was timely, driver helpful.The Samsung has met all our expectations; it is in a room with a large amount of daylight, there is no viewing problem. 
63. The white glove delivery was so professional and the men even helped me lift the TV up into my loft area which has a spiral staircase and it is difficult to maneuver and get large items up there. 
64. Amazon's price was nearly $200 cheaper with free shipping AND they did an amazing job getting it delivered to us a week before Christmas via their equally impressive delivery service. 
65. Due to the fact that the white glove delivery only came to my city once a week tacked on another 7 days for it to be delivered, but the whole transaction was easy and I am very satisfied with the LCD and Amazon.  
66. But, you must be flexible to be able to arrange home delivery with this delivery company.  
67. Anyways I have been very please with this set and would highly reccomened this to somone looking for a quality LCD in this size range.Also I was very impressed with the delivery of this product as it's such a fragile item.  
68. The TV overall has a top notch picture and is stunning even when off.Delivery was quick. 
69. Outstanding price, delivery was on time (during Christmas season!)
70. , delivery people were great setting the unit up. 
71. As far as on line purchases, very nervous about that, but Amazon answered all my concerns(exchanges,refunds,30 day price guarrantee(which I received),the tracking was flawless, and the Eagle Delivery was great, they unpacked,and placed the TV on the stand and allowed me to hook it up and power it on. 
72. How can you beat a 30% discount over the retail stores and have home delivery, amazing. 
73. The delivery people were very friendly and opened the box, helped me set it up and confirmed it was operational.  
74. Amazon gave me a delivery estimate of December 14th, I received it on December 9th, only 5 days after I ordered it. 
75. Made all the better by Amazon's great price ($1509),free Logitech remote and free delivery. 
76. I am here to assist folks that are doing the same diligent research that I have done the last 8 months for my first HDTV.Amazon purchase/Delivery:  Aces for both here.  

negative sentences : 
1. I have never had such a wonderful experience with a delivery like I did when I received this TV!!  
2. The current price on Amazon (around 1600) is a DEAL -- I paid 300 more and am still very happy with the deal I got.Delivery was fine; I know some people have had trouble with Eagle but I found them flexible on delivery time, they scheduled delivery within 24 hours of them getting the TV, they showed up exactly when they said they would, and set things up appropriately.One slight glitch -- if you use this TV with a Samsung home theater, there are some weird issues where the home theater and the TV communicate with each other a bit too much; e.g., I like to listen to CDs on the home theater, but the TV turns on whenever I insert a CD.  
3. The current price on Amazon (around 1600) is a DEAL -- I paid 300 more and am still very happy with the deal I got.Delivery was fine; I know some people have had trouble with Eagle but I found them flexible on delivery time, they scheduled delivery within 24 hours of them getting the TV, they showed up exactly when they said they would, and set things up appropriately.One slight glitch -- if you use this TV with a Samsung home theater, there are some weird issues where the home theater and the TV communicate with each other a bit too much; e.g., I like to listen to CDs on the home theater, but the TV turns on whenever I insert a CD.  
4. I ordered it just before Christmas and even though the anticipated delivery date was 2 weeks it came in four days.  
5. I concluded that Samsung was by far the best and Amazon has the best prices and delivery.I paid $1549 for this set, no taxes and free delivery! 
6. I concluded that Samsung was by far the best and Amazon has the best prices and delivery.I paid $1549 for this set, no taxes and free delivery! 
7. The white glove delivery was NOT exactly as advertised.  
8. Amazon price is very good as compared to retail store prices, with no tax and free delivery it is steal at Amazon.Proper calibration is must to get the better PQ on this set, this set provide more picture settings compared to my 4695D, movie mode (more natural picture with natural skin tones)in the Picture setup must be calibrated properly to get the best PQ otherwise picture does not look good which not TV's issue.
9. Again, other factors were far more important to me in this purchase but if the "white glove" treatment is important to you, you may wish to consider the apparently spotty results on delivery.
10. Suffice it to say that the price was excellent, no tax, no delivery charge, and, after ordering it on a Thursday, it was delivered on Tuesday. 
11. I got the tv on time, and in one piece and it works great.... but, the delivery was not even close to what i expected... but hey, then again, delivery was free, so i got what i paid for.Overall....TV gets an AAmazon gets an A (cheapest price anywhere, no taxes, free shipping)Delivery (EAGLE) gets a C
12. I got the tv on time, and in one piece and it works great.... but, the delivery was not even close to what i expected... but hey, then again, delivery was free, so i got what i paid for.Overall....TV gets an AAmazon gets an A (cheapest price anywhere, no taxes, free shipping)Delivery (EAGLE) gets a C
13. I got the tv on time, and in one piece and it works great.... but, the delivery was not even close to what i expected... but hey, then again, delivery was free, so i got what i paid for.Overall....TV gets an AAmazon gets an A (cheapest price anywhere, no taxes, free shipping)Delivery (EAGLE) gets a C
14. Eagle ended up delivering it about 2 days early, and the delivery was relatively uneventful. 
15. Only negative comment is the delivery...I read some horror stories for the delivery company and was kinda scared to order a tv from amazon. 
16. The rude taunting by their delivery staff is also very troubling.  
17. Eagle USA (bought out by another company) did not make their 10-2pm delivery window and showed up about 3:30pm.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : picture, positive Score : 252 and negative Score :-44
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. As for the TV, the picture is better than I even imagined.  
2. The picture quality is quite good and it's fairly easy to operate.  
3. The picture quality is very very good. 
4. The picture is stunning and the colors are vibrant.  
5. I had to do some tweaking with the 3 picture pre-sets (dynamic, standard, and movie) to get them to look right in my living room, but it was easy enough to do.  
6. The picture is awesome. 
7. Delivery included the set up and was excellent  The picture is tremendous with the extra HD cable on the HD channels.  
8. I want a picture that will blow me away (my old TV really had great picture quality), and this wasn't close.  
9. because the picture is flat out stunning. even when it is turned off, people who walk into the room are flawed by it. 
10. You really need to give yourself 10 feet to see the picture at its best. 
11. The problem we have with it is that the picture shut off after the first ten minutes. 
12. Picture quality is amazing!!! 
13. Okay enough ranting, here's what I think:The picture quality is first rate.  
14. It doesn't bother me because  have a home theater system.All in all, I sit back and watch 1080i broadcasting or HD DVDs and can't think of how the picture could be any better with out spending a substantial amount more.I really love this tv and dealing with Amazon was easy and problem free.  
15. I don't know any of the technical details, but the picture on this tv is beautiful. 
16. The set-up was easy  The picture is crisp and clear.  
17. Picture is great.  
18. Here is what I highly recommend people doing if they buy this tv or any HDTV...The first few days that i had this tv... the picture was absolutely perfect on some channels, but others were horrible. 
19. I decided to purchase from Amazon because of the excellent price in comparison to the local places and because there was no sales tax or shipping costs.The first month or so I was without HD programming and the picture was pretty decent.  
20. The picture is excellent and connecting componets is an ease. 
21. Great picture, easy set up.Got to say that the Delivery service used was great.  
22. They called me the night before and worked with my schedule to deliver the TV.The tv itself has a great picture and even from the side there is no discernible loss in clarity.  
23. Colors are rich, picture is bright. 
24. The picture on this tv is great.  
25. The picture is amazing. 
26. The picture looks great. 
27. The reviews here are great and the picture was incredible when I went to stores to check out all of the TV's. 
28. About a year and a half after ownership the tv started cycling/clicking and turning on slowly with static/snow all over the picture and things have gotten progressively worse, I'm expecting it to crap out any day now.  
29. This was easy to set up, light weight (especially compared to my last television) and what a picture! 
30. I know there are TV's out there that offer better picture quality, and that side by side I might like $5,000 one more, but sitting in my apartment basking in the narcotic glow of FoodTV HD, I have a hard time imagining it getting any better.  
31. Update-watching the football playoff game on a local HD channel and the picture is FABULOUS with the Samsung and the inexpensive antenna. 
32. It is my first HDTV, and the picture takes your breath away. 
33. Even with a pair of rabbit ears, I got an amazing picture. 
34. Its not even an upconversion model, and the picture is stunning. 
35. I'm still fiddling with the picture controls, since many people say that the factory settings are not optimal, but I'm not sure what optimal is anyway.Bottom line: Its a great TV at a great price with hassle free purchase and delivery.
36. The picture is amazing but the sound quality is dissappointing.  
37. Great picture.  
38. The TV is very easy to hook up, the picture looked very acceptable with my standard cable, and beautiful once I got the HD hooked up.  
39. If you are looking for a tv that has a good picture, lots of features, the remote is fine, etc. then don't stress over this TV, it's a keeper.
40. I am impressed with the picture and sound.  
41. I am not currently using the HD mode, but even without it, the picture quality is great.  
42. The matte screen completely eliminates any glare or reflections and provides a great HD picture. 
43. The thing I have actually been impressed with is the quality of the SD picture. there is very little pixelation and I actually think its better on this than on my old SDTV. 
44. The HD picture is absolutely amazing, and for the price I bought it at, I feel this is the best deal you could get anywhere if you are interested in a LCD TV that is good for TV, movies, and video games. 
45. The picture is awesome, the delivery was ahead of schedule. 
46. Excellent blacks, on par with plasma screens, simple menus, good backlight settings, decent remote, excellent colors and amazing picture.  
47. The picture quality is sharp, vibrant, and crystal clear. 
48. The choice is as clear as the picture.
49. We just couldn't rationalize spending all that extra money for the Bravia to get the same quality picture. 
50. The delivery service was wonderful; the men were courteous and professional in every way.I can only reinforce the glowing reports from so many other reviewers as to the absolutely easy set-up and stunning picture. 
51. Pros - Good picture qualityCons - Clicking noise for 30 secs when turning on or off the unit (relays) or when the pic dims and sound quality is just ok, but when you connect to your stereo it has an echo.  
52. In reading many reviews, checking things out at several stores, etc., I ended up going with the Samsung LNT4661 46" 1080p LCD HDTV, and I couldn't be happier - the picture quality is awesome and the design of the Samsung is very cool.  
53. Awesome picture.  
54. These issues manifest themselves as dropouts (picture loss), momentary green or pink flashes etc. 
55. "Samsung LN-T4661FAt a glance* Release date: April 1, 2007* Editors' rating: 7.9 Very good* The good: Flat-panel LCD HDTV produces deep black levels; accurate color after adjustment; clean image; numerous picture controls; beautiful styling.* The bad: Less shadow detail than some LCDs and plasmas; image discolors somewhat when seen from off-angle.* The bottom line: Although not quite the best of its breed, the Samsung LN-T4661F delivers very good picture quality with plenty of style and functionality.The LN-T4661F is Samsung's least-expensive 46-inch flat-panel LCD with 1080p native resolution for the 2007 model year. 
56. "Samsung LN-T4661FAt a glance* Release date: April 1, 2007* Editors' rating: 7.9 Very good* The good: Flat-panel LCD HDTV produces deep black levels; accurate color after adjustment; clean image; numerous picture controls; beautiful styling.* The bad: Less shadow detail than some LCDs and plasmas; image discolors somewhat when seen from off-angle.* The bottom line: Although not quite the best of its breed, the Samsung LN-T4661F delivers very good picture quality with plenty of style and functionality.The LN-T4661F is Samsung's least-expensive 46-inch flat-panel LCD with 1080p native resolution for the 2007 model year. 
57. But between the two, we did feel the LN-T4665F offered slightly better picture quality despite the shine (more on that below), making it a better choice for real home theater buffs and others with a lot of control over room lighting. 
58. Extra bit depth can allow less false contouring, among other issues, but again, it requires a 10-bit source and display.Segueing to features that actually matter, the LN-T4661F has an excellent selection of picture controls. 
59. It offers three picture modes that are each independent for each input, allowing you to customize each source with three different groups of picture settings. 
60. It offers three picture modes that are each independent for each input, allowing you to customize each source with three different groups of picture settings. 
61. The selection of secondary picture controls includes items labeled "black level," which affects shadow detail; dynamic contrast, which adjusts black level on the fly; gamma, which affects the rate of progression from dark to light; and a selection for color gamut, which controls the range of colors the display can reproduce.We appreciated the solid selection of aspect-ratio controls, which include four choices for HD sources. 
62. But if you're stuck with a bright room or simply don't want to contend with the glare from the 65F's screen, the 61F makes a solid choice.During setup, as usual, we adjusted the picture settings to levels ideal for our darkened theater. 
63. For a complete look at our user-menu picture settings, click here or check out the Tips & Tricks section above.For this review, we set up the LN-T4661F next to a few other HDTVs we had on hand, including its aforementioned "shiny" step-up brother, the LN-T4665F, along with the Sony KDL-46S3000, the Panasonic TH-42PZ700U, and the Pioneer PRO-FHD1.We began, as usual, with a good look at the LN-T4661F's black-level performance, and the set did not disappoint. 
64. With the room lights turned up, the 61F actually delivered a darker apparent color of black, and of course, we didn't see nearly as much of the room--including a watcher's white shirt or the coffee table in front of the TVs.When we checked out the HP-T4661F's standard-def picture quality, using the HQV disc at 480i resolution via component video, the set performed exactly the same as the 65F--which is about average. 
65. In my experience, set up was easy and the TV and picture are beautiful.Amazon had the best price anywhere on the internet and thier commitment to refund for any price drops within 30 days convinced me to "pull the trigger" on the purchase during a time when prices were expected to drop.  
66. We would definitley recomend this to a friend.Our only complaint is that the picture can get skewed if you are sitting in a certain area.  
67. Great picture, great sound etc. 
68. Typically I've noticed of the low end LCD TVs, they might have a decent picture, might even have a decent size with a relatively low cost, but generally they simply look ugly.  
69. Samsung did an excellent job of blending style with class for a simply elegant design.The picture quality is superb.  
70. If you're in a quandry over which is best, here's what I found:1) The LNT4665F does has a marginally better picture and contrast ratio than the LNT4661F. 
71. The picture is great. 
72. The viewing angles are great, the picture is even and clear throughout, and the sound is good enough. 
73. I won't waste time describing the wonderful picture from this TV.  
74. My only HD source at this time is over the air and the picture is as good as anything I've seen.  
75. Developed an intermittent loss of picture 30 days before warranty ran out.  
76. Then walk up to the best picture to find out what set we liked the bset. 
77. The 4661F had all that was important to me(3 HDMI's,side connections, and of course the picture was the best of the other 46" tv's I reviewed).The price from Amazon was extremely important in my overall decision The picture is very good on many HD channels, ESPN,FOX,NBC, and the Discovery Channel are strong signals that make me sit in awe. 
78. The 4661F had all that was important to me(3 HDMI's,side connections, and of course the picture was the best of the other 46" tv's I reviewed).The price from Amazon was extremely important in my overall decision The picture is very good on many HD channels, ESPN,FOX,NBC, and the Discovery Channel are strong signals that make me sit in awe. 
79. The unbelievable picture with clarity and high black levels makes this a great buy. 
80. It was easy to hook-up, easy to use, and it has a great picture.  
81. It helped that this television was the top recommended by consumer reports (when I bought it).A perfect size, great picture, and more affordable than a lot of other models this size.
82. Picture quality is nice price was right.  
83. It has no dead/stuck pixels and has the nice matte finish that I feel is so worth some loss in contrast.After lowering the brightness and getting to know the controls, it has an even better picture. 
84. This TV delivers a fantastic picture!  
85. The picture looks great thus far with my component cables hooked up, I can only imagine how good the 1080p would look.
86. The 4661 had a picture as good and in most cases better than the competition for a better price. 
87. HD picture is great. 
88. Great picture, DVDs look really good, true HDTV looks outstanding, and even SDTV looks decent unless being compared with upconverted DVDs or HDTV.  
89. At first, maybe about a month ago, it would "warm up" in a few minutes and the picture would become normal. 
90. And then this week, a new development: After being on for an hour and adjusting to a normal picture, it then reverted to the horizontal lines/ghost shapes. 
91. So all I need are long cables to make it to the receiver so I can watch my movies through 5.1 surround sound.You don't need expensive hdmi cables, they're digital and only transmit 0s and 1s so if $10 cables give you a picture, you can be sure the $95 monster cables will give you the exact same picture.  
92. So all I need are long cables to make it to the receiver so I can watch my movies through 5.1 surround sound.You don't need expensive hdmi cables, they're digital and only transmit 0s and 1s so if $10 cables give you a picture, you can be sure the $95 monster cables will give you the exact same picture.  
93. Great picture, I recommend it. 
94. They unboxed and made sure the tv worked.The picture and clarity are AWESOME!  
95. I just purchased this TV for my home and wow, not only is the picture very clear and crisp the blacks are close to true black.It took about 30 min to get everything set up and I have had no problems whatso ever with it.A great buy at a great price.  
96. I highly recommend this LCD TV for it's great picture and looks, plus a lot of bang for the buck.Samsung LNT4661F 46" 1080p LCD HDTV
97. I can just imagine how great the picture quality will be!  
98. I've been doing nothing but gaming on it since I set it up and the picture quality is amazing.  
99. The TV overall has a top notch picture and is stunning even when off.Delivery was quick. 
100. The picture quality in HD is eye-popping, with outstanding contrast in light and dark room conditions.  
101. He said that he thinks that the Samsung's have the best picture of the sets he sees and that it noticeably the best on non-HD programs.  
102. Anyway, my bottom line is that we love the set -- it has all the features we need and a great picture.  
103. Easy setup and beautiful picture make this a great choice.
104. The picture is amazing. 
105. As far as the TV it is awesome and the picture and performance are to die for! 
106. The HD picture is outstanding. 
107. My wife records her soap opera with an HD DVR, and the picture quality is so good, I actually look forward to watching the recording with her. 
108. In fact, the HD picture is so good that I found myself mesmerized by a Larry the Cable Guy movie the other night on ShowTime. 
109. Picture in HD channels- phenomenal. 
110. The next model up - LNT4665 is a shiny glary screen).Picture in SD- Not as good as HD (ofcourse...), but nowhere near as bad as some have described. 
111. Excellent tv, easy to set up with great picture.Have had difficulty getting an input signal to the AV2 jacks which my son uses for games. 
112. The picture is very bright even in a light room, the picture is sharp and the sound is very good.  
113. The picture is very bright even in a light room, the picture is sharp and the sound is very good.  
114. Turned on and picture clear.  2 weeks later it still turns on but the picture is crap again.  
115. I mostly watch digital Standard Definition TV, but the picture is still very good. 
116. This TV is fabulous -- the HD picture is superb, as is the picture watching upconvert regular DVDs. 
117. This TV is fabulous -- the HD picture is superb, as is the picture watching upconvert regular DVDs. 
118. The picture is bright and clear, it has many different connections for whatever cables you have, and the menu clearly walks you through your options.  
119. I'll start off by saying the 4661F has a very good picture. 
120. Out of the box, looked great, picture & sound were very good, and so excited about purcahse.  
121. The picture is good (blacks and colors look good), there are ample inputs for hooking up components, viewing from various angles is good (TV stand even swivels!) 
122. Everything seems to be working correctly and the picture is as good as I had anticipated.  
123. Very good picture. 
124. It has a 10,000:1 contrast ratio which is incredible and I have to agree that this TV always puts out a beautiful picture, especially on the HD channels. 
125. I've had the LNT4661F for about a week and picture looks great using Dish Network (although currently have cable running basement box to main floor and through a Toshiba DVD rdxs52 to make use of component and HDMI.)  
126. I plan to get Dish HD next week and position box next to TV to hook-up directly from box using HDMI, I'm betting an even better picture experience.I orginally bought the Samsung LN-S4695D from Amazon and noticed some clouding issues in lower left corner and upper right, most prominent in low light setting and dark movies.  
127. Regular local channels using the little HD antenna @ radioshack 4 $30 show amazing picture too (KCAL9, KTLA5, ABC7...). 
128. I've never thought local free channels would look this great before buying this TV.Awesome picture quality.  
129. I plug the SD card USB reader into the USB port to view the pictures I took with my Canon SD800 IS and the picture just beautiful. 
130. Awesome Picture.  
131. Easy Setup, needs some tweaking to get the best picture.  
132. The picture is still fantastic. 
133. I am very happy with the picture both in the day and at night. 
134. Beautiful picture in HD, better than my 42" Sony KDF-E42A10 and I thought the Sony had a great picture. 
135. Beautiful picture in HD, better than my 42" Sony KDF-E42A10 and I thought the Sony had a great picture. 
136. Great picture, wonderful service. 
137. I thought when they fixed the capacitor problem they picture would get better/lighter (by the way Samsung fixed that "right away" and at no cost to me), but that was not the case.  
138. I have the same problem with the horizontal lines going across the screen and the blurry picture that I keep reading about all over the internet.  
139. The picture quality is outstanding.  
140. This TV has a great picture. 
141. They took it out of the box, checked for sound, picture, and any damage in transit. 
142. The factory settings are good, however after doing some additional adjusting the picture is excellent. 
143. Did you have any feedback on the actual tv's picture quality, sound, inputs, etc??
144. The picture is amazing and the level of brightness is particularly good for rooms with a lot of natural light from windows.  
145. It lives up to others' good comments about the picture and my delivery was excellent, arrived in just a few days after ordering. 
146. Best picture I have seen.I hope I haven't changed anyones mind about getting this TV. 
147. The picture is awesome -- so sharp and the colors so true.  
148. I am impressed with the picture clarity and color. 
149. picture is great and features are very nice. complicated inputs are limited for video. my sony has more video inputs than this one
150. Great picture.
151. It provides a great picture and sound. 
152. It is a wonderful TV and the picture is dazzling even in daylight.
153. I am very well pleased with the picture and have no complaints about the sound. 
154. Great picture, easy set up, have had no problems in the month that I have owned it.  
155. The picture is perfect out of the box.  
156. Cannot keep up with fast scenes at all, forget trying to watch sports.Flat panels still cant beat my old Sony CRT for overall picture quality.After owning the set for a year now I am going to do a 180 and say this is (was) the best set on the market. 
157. And, the HD picture is just outstanding.  
158. I felt my older tube TV had a sharper and brighter picture. 
159. The TV maintains a very good picture even in zoom mode. 
160. The picture almost looks like the real thing.It was a good buy.
161. The picture looks great for HD programming.  
162. HDTV picture is outstanding for most situations, blurs a little with high action scenes.  
163. BEAUTIFUL PICTURE.  
164. The screen certainly does not seem to degrade the picture quality.Overall, a very impressive unit.Now I can turn my attention over to a Blue-Ray player!
165. After some minor adjustments between it and my DVR cable box, this TV has a great crystal clear picture and very good sound. 
166. I have a lot of friends that have both LCD and plasma TV's and all of them told me that they think this is the clearest picture that they have seen. 
167. This TV gives a great picture in standard def. 
168. The picture quality is good once the set is turned off then on again to remove the purple dots.  
169. The tv was delivered in perfect condition.It was $300 less than Best Buy and Circut City, no taxes (9.25% in Chicago,soon to be 10.25%) and free delivery,it's a no brainer.As far as the product goes its great.Beautiful picture,easy to set up,very good instructions. 
170. Only suggestion is to take the tv out of the factory setting,It defaults to dynamic picture setting and its way to bright.Great value and great quality for the price.
171. Besides this, the picture is amazing. 
172. The picture is amazing!  
173. This is the best LCD picture I have ever seen.  
174. I'm sorry to say that I bought a 52" Sony Wega LCD for my living room, which doesn't have the same quality picture.
175. Just incredible picture for 1500 bucks.  
176. I have seen a better picture on other TVs but they usually cost 5 grand or higher.  
177. The picture is really good. o pixel breakups. 
178. Your settings may very depending on source, room conditions, and personal preference.Picture menuMode: MovieContrast: 98Brightness: 60Sharpness: 0Color: 45Tint: G54/R46Backlight: 1Color tone: Warm2Size: Just SizeDigital NR: OffDetailed Settings menuBlack Adjust: OffDynamic Contrast: OffGamma: -2Color Space: AutoEdge Enhancement: OffxvYCC: OffWhite Balance menuR-Offset: 13G-Offset: 13B-Offset: 15R-Gain: 17G-Gain: 13B-Gain: 4My Color Control menuPink: 15Green: 15Blue: 15White: 15Setup menuGame mode: OffEnergy Saving: Off"
179. This TV has a better picture than any plasma or other LCD I have seen any where.  
180. Beautiful picture. 
181. Great picture...Cable company coming out Friday to install my HD box... 
182. It looked great ,the picture quality was great. 
183. It had a beautiful picture and we were very pleased with it. 
184. After a little tinkering with Avia and also trying a few different settings found on avsforum, the picture is great! 
185. The picture is clear and the blacks are black.  
186. The Sonys picture is definately better but only by a small margin. 
187. The picture is phenomenal, the sound is great. 
188. The picture is perfect!  
189. Best LCD available for picture quality. 
190. The picture settings were perfect right out of the box. 
191. The picture is great and we love watching football/Espn in HD on it.  
192. We got this TV based on recommendations and good reviews as well as my wife seeing one in the store and thinking that it had a great picture.  
193. The 4665 was out because our room has lots of windows and the glare would drive me nuts.I also considered the Sharp Aquos and the Sony W3000 but the Samsung had the best picture and got better reviews.So overall a great TV. 
194. Make sure you have HDMI version 1.3 Cables (as recommended by Samsung's website) to get the best picture and sound. 
195. The picture quality is great, I really feel like watching a movie in a theater. 
196. The picture is really nice, and I just had it hooked up to some rabbit ears.What more can I say that hasn't already been said?! 
197. I think if we would have bought it through a store we would have had better luck with the picture quality....Now we have to have somebody come to the house and help fix the settings.
198. Picture quality is superb.  
199. Great picture!  
200. HD picture quality is excellent as is the sound quality on its own. 
201. This TV has a great picture and the sound is so so, but I've got mine hooked up to surround sound so it doesn"t really matter. 
202. (See note about cables at end of review )  Picture is great for both. 
203. HD picture is of course great, but DVD and normal TV also looks very good.  
204. The picture quality is still good, especially if you sit back from the set. 
205. Just got my HD service yesterday from Time Warner and the picture last night watching American Idol was stunning!!!! 
206. I can't get over how good the picture is. 
207. Much better than a store in many ways ,do it again with no hesitation .Great picture ,sound ,and everything .Samsung is top shelf in my book.Set up with a good calibration disc and make sure to have the best connection from your source to get the best possible picture you can get and you'll love it !
208. Much better than a store in many ways ,do it again with no hesitation .Great picture ,sound ,and everything .Samsung is top shelf in my book.Set up with a good calibration disc and make sure to have the best connection from your source to get the best possible picture you can get and you'll love it !
209. Please note that these settings take a few minutes to get used to, especailly if you've been watching the default settings for a while, but once you've watched the "corrected" color settings for a while, you'll never be able to watch the factory colors settings ever agian.Once the colors are corrected, this TV offers an amazing picture. 
210. As long as you've got a strong signal, both HD and SD look great. 5 stars for the picture quality. 
211. I find it good the  LCD picture display. 
212. Picture looks wonderful on HD, colors are amazing. 
213. Start-up was so simple and the many adjustments gave me a wonderful picture. 
214. The picture I get off my old Tivo Series II is better than I expected.  
215. I had previously purchased and returned a Toshiba 47HL167 because the picture had a slight green tendency that could not be adjusted out.  
216. A first rate picture right out of the box.  
217. I am able to display 1920x1080 @60Hz from my computer VGA out on the Sammy and the picture is incredible!  
218. You can only have one of your main video inputs (COMP1, COMP2, HDMI1...) as the main picture and ATSC tuner image as the sub picture.As I said, I am nitpicking.  
219. Picture perfect. 

negative sentences : 
1. SD DVD's on a player that doesn't upconvert looks relatively poor due to only being a 480p source, but doesn't look any worse than the picture quality of some projection TV's I've seen. 
2. Some stations have several alternates to select from, ranging from 480i to full 1080 HD.The 4661 has a beautiful picture, no glare, and deep, rich blacks, even in a room with tons of windows. 
3. That took all of 2 minutes, and the picture is awesome.SOUND:  Have never listened to the sound.  
4. The TVs are said to achieve these deep black levels because the dark areas of the display can be turned off completely--traditional LCD backlights are always on, which causes "black" areas of the picture to brighten a bit as the light leaks through--with so-called local dimming technology. 
5. HD picture is absolutely lifelike crystal clear with beautiful color (after tweaking the settings from the now famous "1500 settings" on AVS Forum - The menu system is very easy to navigate with the remote control).  
6. You can view from the side easily, the picture is clear with no distortions.  
7. Here are my observations.The picture quality is more than excellent.  
8. Amazon price is very good as compared to retail store prices, with no tax and free delivery it is steal at Amazon.Proper calibration is must to get the better PQ on this set, this set provide more picture settings compared to my 4695D, movie mode (more natural picture with natural skin tones)in the Picture setup must be calibrated properly to get the best PQ otherwise picture does not look good which not TV's issue.
9. Amazon price is very good as compared to retail store prices, with no tax and free delivery it is steal at Amazon.Proper calibration is must to get the better PQ on this set, this set provide more picture settings compared to my 4695D, movie mode (more natural picture with natural skin tones)in the Picture setup must be calibrated properly to get the best PQ otherwise picture does not look good which not TV's issue.
10. Amazon price is very good as compared to retail store prices, with no tax and free delivery it is steal at Amazon.Proper calibration is must to get the better PQ on this set, this set provide more picture settings compared to my 4695D, movie mode (more natural picture with natural skin tones)in the Picture setup must be calibrated properly to get the best PQ otherwise picture does not look good which not TV's issue.
11. Amazon price is very good as compared to retail store prices, with no tax and free delivery it is steal at Amazon.Proper calibration is must to get the better PQ on this set, this set provide more picture settings compared to my 4695D, movie mode (more natural picture with natural skin tones)in the Picture setup must be calibrated properly to get the best PQ otherwise picture does not look good which not TV's issue.
12. Also picture in picture is essentially useless because you need two different video sources - who wants to use PIP with one picture being a DVD or a split cable source that runs through the VCR. 
13. Also picture in picture is essentially useless because you need two different video sources - who wants to use PIP with one picture being a DVD or a split cable source that runs through the VCR. 
14. About a few months (and after my warranty had expired), we started having some major picture quality issues. 
15. That would never happen with a standard definition picture.Overall, I found ordering through Amazon to be a very positive and efficient process, and the money I saved was significant.
16. Picture with standard definition TV is, naturally, not as good, but I don't find it distractingly bad... 
17. I've spent over 2 days fiddling with the 50 + display parameters, and cannot acheive an acceptable picture.  
18. Yes, I know LCDs don't "focus", but the picture is blurry and lacks definition. 
19. Now, in November 2009, I find half of the screen is much darker than the other half, and as a result, the overall picture quality is just horrible.  
20. The main thing we were looking for was deep reds, black blacks and overall best picture.From the onset I narrowed it down to Sony and Samsung.  
21. Because my picture is spectacular with no banding and no clouds!
22. The only knock I have against this tv is that in dark scenes, it is hard to see the picture clearly. 
23. The picture is beautiful, even when not in HD mode.  
24. Extremely vivid and colorful picture it's going to make watching other televisions in the house difficult!
25. SD picture is fuzzy but this appears to be the case for all HDTVs and is also depedent upon the signal source.
26. The picture quality is awesome in High Def and not that bad in standard definition. 
27. I bought a samsung 4665 lcd tv after reading many reviews,stating how nice the picture was and i was really disapointed.I brought the tv back to the store after a week of owning it.The biggist problem with this tv is the picture you get from standard definition there is so much jitter or you can call it picture noise,also there is lots of lag witch creates a very disapointing picture.I would consider myself someone who can really see's the difference in picture quality,but on the other hand my wife doesn't know much about tv's and the first thing she said when she saw the picture on sd,was your taking this thing back to the store.I did more research for another week or so and decided that i wasn't going to buy lcd again so i went for the panasonic 50px77u and i was blown away by the picture quality and so was my wife.With the samsung lcd the blacks would get washed away the second that you move away from the center of the tv,and the level of black wasn''t even close.The panasonic tv resembles alot more by projector cinema room witch is awesome.Now that i have first hand experiance with lcd vs plasma.I get a completely differnt sale pitch when i walk into televion stores.After speaking with the saleman they always end up telling me that they all have plasmas and that lcd's really suck.Sorry for pissing off a few of you,but i had to give back to the comunity witch helped me buy a tv that im really amazed with.Thanks for all your reviewsSerge Montreal,Quebec
28. I bought a samsung 4665 lcd tv after reading many reviews,stating how nice the picture was and i was really disapointed.I brought the tv back to the store after a week of owning it.The biggist problem with this tv is the picture you get from standard definition there is so much jitter or you can call it picture noise,also there is lots of lag witch creates a very disapointing picture.I would consider myself someone who can really see's the difference in picture quality,but on the other hand my wife doesn't know much about tv's and the first thing she said when she saw the picture on sd,was your taking this thing back to the store.I did more research for another week or so and decided that i wasn't going to buy lcd again so i went for the panasonic 50px77u and i was blown away by the picture quality and so was my wife.With the samsung lcd the blacks would get washed away the second that you move away from the center of the tv,and the level of black wasn''t even close.The panasonic tv resembles alot more by projector cinema room witch is awesome.Now that i have first hand experiance with lcd vs plasma.I get a completely differnt sale pitch when i walk into televion stores.After speaking with the saleman they always end up telling me that they all have plasmas and that lcd's really suck.Sorry for pissing off a few of you,but i had to give back to the comunity witch helped me buy a tv that im really amazed with.Thanks for all your reviewsSerge Montreal,Quebec
29. I bought a samsung 4665 lcd tv after reading many reviews,stating how nice the picture was and i was really disapointed.I brought the tv back to the store after a week of owning it.The biggist problem with this tv is the picture you get from standard definition there is so much jitter or you can call it picture noise,also there is lots of lag witch creates a very disapointing picture.I would consider myself someone who can really see's the difference in picture quality,but on the other hand my wife doesn't know much about tv's and the first thing she said when she saw the picture on sd,was your taking this thing back to the store.I did more research for another week or so and decided that i wasn't going to buy lcd again so i went for the panasonic 50px77u and i was blown away by the picture quality and so was my wife.With the samsung lcd the blacks would get washed away the second that you move away from the center of the tv,and the level of black wasn''t even close.The panasonic tv resembles alot more by projector cinema room witch is awesome.Now that i have first hand experiance with lcd vs plasma.I get a completely differnt sale pitch when i walk into televion stores.After speaking with the saleman they always end up telling me that they all have plasmas and that lcd's really suck.Sorry for pissing off a few of you,but i had to give back to the comunity witch helped me buy a tv that im really amazed with.Thanks for all your reviewsSerge Montreal,Quebec
30. I bought a samsung 4665 lcd tv after reading many reviews,stating how nice the picture was and i was really disapointed.I brought the tv back to the store after a week of owning it.The biggist problem with this tv is the picture you get from standard definition there is so much jitter or you can call it picture noise,also there is lots of lag witch creates a very disapointing picture.I would consider myself someone who can really see's the difference in picture quality,but on the other hand my wife doesn't know much about tv's and the first thing she said when she saw the picture on sd,was your taking this thing back to the store.I did more research for another week or so and decided that i wasn't going to buy lcd again so i went for the panasonic 50px77u and i was blown away by the picture quality and so was my wife.With the samsung lcd the blacks would get washed away the second that you move away from the center of the tv,and the level of black wasn''t even close.The panasonic tv resembles alot more by projector cinema room witch is awesome.Now that i have first hand experiance with lcd vs plasma.I get a completely differnt sale pitch when i walk into televion stores.After speaking with the saleman they always end up telling me that they all have plasmas and that lcd's really suck.Sorry for pissing off a few of you,but i had to give back to the comunity witch helped me buy a tv that im really amazed with.Thanks for all your reviewsSerge Montreal,Quebec
31. We are told this is a problem with the pixels in the picture and will probably get worse to the point that it will take over the screen. 
32. Using OTA HD, there is no better picture that I have seen from friends and colleagues who paid twice as much as I did for LCDs and Plasmas of roughly the same size.  
33. Picture is very bright and clear with no problems of blurring. 
34. I believe this problem has been corrected in sets with the latest manufactured date.I returned a Sony 46V2500 because of cloud issues and poor picture quality. 
35. No issues, great picture and super price from Amazon.

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : tv, positive Score : 368 and negative Score :-100
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. As for the TV, the picture is better than I even imagined.  
2. HD is incredible, and with my digital cable, even non HD TV is much better than I was led to believe it would be on other forums.  
3. I'd recommend this TV as the best bang for the buck, and I'd also recommend Amazon without hesitation.
4. The TV is in a very sunny room and it's great because there is no glare.  
5. I can't say anything that hasn't already been said about the TV - it is fantastic.  
6. The TV looks great. 
7. Though PS3 gives 5.1 surround sound signal, the TV is downgrading the audio to 2.1 when sending the audio to speakers. 
8. I'm not an expert when it comes to tv's but this one sure beat the others when it comes to picture quality. 
9. TV is beautiful, outputs beautiful images.  
10. In addition, the TV itself looks fantastic. 
11. For anyone looking for a new TV, I very strongly urge you to take a look at this model. 
12. I want a picture that will blow me away (my old TV really had great picture quality), and this wasn't close.  
13. Samsung LNT4661F 46" 1080p LCD HDTVIn a few words, this is a great TV at a great price. 
14. I bought this TV to replace my old Sony which lasted almost 20 yrs. 
15. Same problem as mentioned in the numerous 1 star reviews here.The screen is completely black when turned on and takes about an hour to warm up.After what I've read in the other reviews here it even seems pointless to have it repaired.In the market for a new TV 3 years after I bought this one...Interestingly enough, I know a lot of people that have bought the same TV in Norway, where warranty is more consumer friendly and you have the rights to complain several years after buying a product, and they have no issues what so ever. 
16. Same problem as mentioned in the numerous 1 star reviews here.The screen is completely black when turned on and takes about an hour to warm up.After what I've read in the other reviews here it even seems pointless to have it repaired.In the market for a new TV 3 years after I bought this one...Interestingly enough, I know a lot of people that have bought the same TV in Norway, where warranty is more consumer friendly and you have the rights to complain several years after buying a product, and they have no issues what so ever. 
17. This tv is by far the best on the market to date. it gets a bad rap for being too glossy...igore everyone that complains about this. you can shine a flashlight directly at it when it is turned on and you wont even notice. why? 
18. I also told Steve that Ricky claimed to not even have the HDTV with him and Steve reassured me that Ricky was, in fact, right in front of Steve when he gave Ricky the order to deliver our TV that same Friday evening.  
19. My husband told Ricky that he'd meet him at the door (he wanted to make sure that the TV was carefully carried on the stairs and not mysteriously dropped).  
20. This TV was great while it lasted.  
21. When my trusty 17 year old 27" CRT TV died the Tuesday before the Superbowl I was crushed.  
22. I really wanted to have a new TV for the Superbowl, but did not want to pay about $500 more from the big box stores, so I ordered from Amazon on Wed 1/31/08.  
23. I don't know any of the technical details, but the picture on this tv is beautiful. 
24. When you pay a grand or more for a TV you expect it to last a lot longer than a year or two. 
25. I bought this TV because of a good review from Consumer Reports. 
26. A local TV station ran a story about the problems associated with Samsung TV's.I used to think that Samsung had a good product line but I will not buy anything from them now. 
27. It was delivered quickly by a delivery company that fulfilled all the promises Amazon makes about their "white glove" service.The TV is everything Samsung says it is. 
28. This TV is awesome! 
29. Here is what I highly recommend people doing if they buy this tv or any HDTV...The first few days that i had this tv... the picture was absolutely perfect on some channels, but others were horrible. 
30. Here is what I highly recommend people doing if they buy this tv or any HDTV...The first few days that i had this tv... the picture was absolutely perfect on some channels, but others were horrible. 
31. The TV was getting a weak signal because of old wires (10+ years old). 
32. Some of the bad reviews complained of similar issues with the tv... now i wonder if they might have had old wiring or a weak cable signal and it was not , in fact, the tv at all.My High Def channels are absolutely amazing!! 
33. If you are in the market for a new TV, this is a great choice.  
34. First I must say that this is my first LCD TV, so I have nothing to compare it to besides all the poorly-set in-store models. 
35. I don't use the TV's remote because DirecTv's receiver remote works well for everything.  
36. Even from a fully digital dish feed SD TV will look very poor due to the extreme difference in the resolution of this set to SD(standard definition) TV. 
37. Even from a fully digital dish feed SD TV will look very poor due to the extreme difference in the resolution of this set to SD(standard definition) TV. 
38. They called me the night before and worked with my schedule to deliver the TV.The tv itself has a great picture and even from the side there is no discernible loss in clarity.  
39. This is a fantastic LCD TV, I am very happy with it. 
40. When we registered the television on line with Samsung USA we received an additional three months of warranty.We purchased this TV through AMAZON and the free white glove delivery service was great as they unboxed the TV and set it up to insure it worked.  
41. When we registered the television on line with Samsung USA we received an additional three months of warranty.We purchased this TV through AMAZON and the free white glove delivery service was great as they unboxed the TV and set it up to insure it worked.  
42. The picture on this tv is great.  
43. I googled this problem an lo and behold there are many others who have a samsung tv that have this same problem.  
44. Amazon picked up the old tv and dropped off the new tv at the same time within a week. 
45. Amazon picked up the old tv and dropped off the new tv at the same time within a week. 
46. However, the new tv does the same thing just not as bad. 
47. I picked this over the 4665 because the room the TV is in gets a fair amount of light during the afternoon.Connected my HD-DVR and Apple TV to it with a 2 HDMI cables from monoprice and I'm up and running.
48. Also the TV itself, is just great. 
49. I'm still fiddling with the picture controls, since many people say that the factory settings are not optimal, but I'm not sure what optimal is anyway.Bottom line: Its a great TV at a great price with hassle free purchase and delivery.
50. The ordering process was smooth,tracking my order was very easy and my TV was delivered on schedule and placed in my home without damage. 
51. If I had unlimited space I would get a TV with larger speakers on both sides.
52. The best part of the whole new TV thing was that the Samsung talked to itself after I first turned it on and it found and stored all 15 channels. 
53. Tv works sounds looks awesome!
54. If you said "yes"... you're absolutely correct.This is a wonderful TV.  
55. The TV is very easy to hook up, the picture looked very acceptable with my standard cable, and beautiful once I got the HD hooked up.  
56. If you are looking for a tv that has a good picture, lots of features, the remote is fine, etc. then don't stress over this TV, it's a keeper.
57. The HD picture is absolutely amazing, and for the price I bought it at, I feel this is the best deal you could get anywhere if you are interested in a LCD TV that is good for TV, movies, and video games. 
58. The HD picture is absolutely amazing, and for the price I bought it at, I feel this is the best deal you could get anywhere if you are interested in a LCD TV that is good for TV, movies, and video games. 
59. Playing my Xbox360 on it looks awesome, and shows off just how good this TV is.The only downside (Not that it's much of a problem) is the UI on the TV itself. 
60. Better yet, Amazon's price included delivery and unboxing in my home.Oh yeah, the TV is really nice too! 
61. Due to the size of the old TV the initial thought was to go with DLP.  
62. It also had the side benefit of seeing fast video and how the TV would respond.  
63. I expect the "standard" mode my work well during daytime watching.ZOOM FEATUREThe zoom functions of the TV are great.  
64. (When the TV goes through its initial set-up, it detects numerous "sub" channels not received with normal cable, such as channel 4_1, 4_2, etc., which can either be high-def versions of the basic channel, or alternates to completely different stations.) 
65. My only recommendation to Amazon would be package the TV better, as some 3rd party carriers aren't so good - other goods I have received from the  carrier that delivered my TV haven't been in the best of shape, so I feel kind of "lucky" as far as my TV is concern - other than that, I would highly recommend this TV and buying it though Amazon.
66. You will see that Samsung is a "high-end" TV and the 4661 is just as good or better than similar TV's that cost a grand more.  
67. You will see that Samsung is a "high-end" TV and the 4661 is just as good or better than similar TV's that cost a grand more.  
68. You will also see that the TV is probably one of the lower priced TV's comparing the size.  
69. Loaded my TV and everything was perfect with this TV.  
70. Loaded my TV and everything was perfect with this TV.  
71. I give this 4 stars only because this is my first HD and flat-screen TV so I don't consider myself smart enough to give it a perfect score.  
72. Only the keys for volume, channel, and device control (the universal clicker can command four other pieces of gear) are illuminated, but that's better than most TV remotes, which skip backlighting altogether. 
73. Models (estimated selling prices)* Samsung LN-T4071F (2 699)* Samsung LN-T4671F (3 399)* Samsung LN-T5271F (4 399)Step-up features (over the LN-T65F series)* 120Hz refresh rate* 25,000:1 contrast ratio* chrome platingSamsung LN-T81F seriesSamsung LN-T81F seriesSamsung LN-T81F series(Credit: Samsung)Samsung's highest-end LCD-based HDTVs for 2007, the LN-T81F series, includes the first widely distributed flat-panel LCDs that replace the traditional fluorescent backlight (the TV's light source) with LED technology. 
74. This tv rocks compared to my last tv which was a 50" dlp by samsung. 
75. This tv rocks compared to my last tv which was a 50" dlp by samsung. 
76. The tv itself is very slick. 
77. This tv was okay the first two years, and then it started to have dark splotches when I turn it on.  
78. This TV is fantastic. 
79. He unwrapped the TV and made sure it worked before he left. 
80. In my experience, set up was easy and the TV and picture are beautiful.Amazon had the best price anywhere on the internet and thier commitment to refund for any price drops within 30 days convinced me to "pull the trigger" on the purchase during a time when prices were expected to drop.  
81. First tv received was defective. 
82. The TV functioned wonderfully for the first 16 months. 
83. I began to research the problem on the internet and found this is a common issue with Samsung TV's that appears around 15 months (after the warranty has run out). 
84. It's better than watching them in the theatre since the resolution and viewing arclength are so much better.My only qualm with the TV (which really isn't much of an issue) is that certain frequencies do cause the speakers to buzz above a threshold.  
85. 2009 is when the reviews for this tv changed, (seriously, the last review here of 08 is 5*, the first of 09 1*)it is when the people who bought it earlier have had their warranties expire and the problems begin which sammy does not care about. 
86. This tv will work great for 15 months too 31 months(mine), please read only recent reviews of this 1800$ bic lighter.Instead of trying to explain what my tv does here is a video I found on youtube that shows it, a video is worth a thousand words.[...]again, DO NOT BUY!!!
87. This TV is easy to set up and easy to use. 
88. Blue Ray and HD look amazing on this tv and for the price it can't be beat!
89. I won't waste time describing the wonderful picture from this TV.  
90. Unless you typically view the TV in total darkness, that's a huge plus.2. 
91. When switching input sources (satellite, DVD, TV, etc.), it takes several seconds for each switch.  
92. My biggest complaint: If you feed the audio output to an external amplifier instead of using the internal speakers, you lose the ability to control the volume with the TV's remote control.  
93. That works fine, but you then have cables sticking out the side of the TV in plain view.*** Update on warranty.  
94. Eagle USA delivery service brought the tv into our house, moved the old tv, and removed the new tv from the box for us.  
95. Eagle USA delivery service brought the tv into our house, moved the old tv, and removed the new tv from the box for us.  
96. Great tv, glad I got the 4661 with the matt screen, no reflection. 
97. Very happy with the tv and set up and Amazon saved me $300.
98. The 4661F had all that was important to me(3 HDMI's,side connections, and of course the picture was the best of the other 46" tv's I reviewed).The price from Amazon was extremely important in my overall decision The picture is very good on many HD channels, ESPN,FOX,NBC, and the Discovery Channel are strong signals that make me sit in awe. 
99. This TV is great.  
100. This TV delivers a fantastic picture!  
101. The surround sound system isn't hooked up yet but the TV speakers are fine for now.  
102. The TV itself is very striking with its piano black finish.If you have Blu-Ray or XBox 360 and need 1080p, be forewarned that you may have a problem with your HDMI input signal dropping out on you (but it does appear that Samsung is aware of the problem and will fix without hassle).  
103. TV is really beautiful, I hooked it up to an upconvert DVD player and popped in Lord of the Rings, it was like i was in the Tv. 
104. I can't wait to get Hi Def service from Direct TV!! 
105. The design of this TV is sleek and beautiful.We are connected to an HD cable box through HDMI connection.  
106. (If you want your TV to sound like a home theater system, well then you have to buy one, but this unit's sound is really just fine for TV speakers.)  
107. Ordering a 46" tv off the internet is strange, but we trusted Amazon.  
108. The tv works beautifully, just the right size screen for us.  
109. This is our first flat screen tv and we don't know what could be wrong for others, but we find nothing wrong at all.  
110. In my limited experience (2 TVs) you don't generally get the best color and contrast response until after you've let them run for a while.I debated about getting a 46" model since my viewing distance is 15 feet and while my 56" Sony was perfect, this TV is just slightly small for that distance.  
111. Given the price and compared to a lot of the other similar TVs I saw on display at Circuit City or Best Buy, I'd give this TV a "best buy" recommendation.
112. Had I reviewed this TV within the first year, I would've given it 5 stars. 
113. I was originally going to run everything through a receiver and one cord to the tv but after reading up some more on the tv I found that it can control most of what I need (dvd player, cable box, vcr, etc) through the remote that comes with the tv.  
114. They unboxed and made sure the tv worked.The picture and clarity are AWESOME!  
115. Easy to connect components, tv practically sets itself up.  
116. All of the major networks broadcast now in HD and I am able to take advantage of this added bonus to an incredible tv.My wife and I are thoroughly pleased.
117. They took the TV out of the box and set it up for us and even took our old TV off the stand.  
118. One local TV station operating on channel 10 provides a main channel and two sub channels. 
119. I highly recommend this LCD TV for it's great picture and looks, plus a lot of bang for the buck.Samsung LNT4661F 46" 1080p LCD HDTV
120. I considered the Sharp Aquos but banding problems scared me away considering I was buying online and didn't want to ship anything back, and the Samsung LNT 4665F, also a beautiful tv, but that seemed too reflective in ambient light. 
121. The TV overall has a top notch picture and is stunning even when off.Delivery was quick. 
122. It came via Fed Ex Freight from Electronics Express(not sure what all these people who had it set up by the delivery people are talking about - perhaps that's an additional service I ignored), The TV arrived quickly (about 4 days). 
123. The TV was delivered in little over a week w/o any issues.  
124. The TV shipped the next day.  
125. There were 2 very friendly guys that brought the TV in, unpacked everything, set it up on its stand right where I wanted it, powered it up, and we all verified that the screen worked and that there was sound. 
126. Installed the TV on the wall in our family room in a little entertainment nook just perfect for this size LCD TV.  
127. I also purchased an HD DVD player (Toshiba HD A30) and the 1080P images are absolutely beautiful on this TV. 
128. I have purchased this LCD TV after reviewing a few others. 
129. Overall its a great TV. 
130. The first TV that was shipped had some sound issues and we had to return the same. 
131. The samsung customer service refuses to help and tells you to just contact contact your local TV repair store.First of all when you buy something for [...] bucks, you expect a warranty of more than a year. 
132. I had purchased my first LCD TV at Circuit City which is a 37" Sharp model and wanted to upgrade to a larger screen.  
133. I was reluctant at first to purchase a TV like this online however I have never had a problem with any of my purchases through Amazon one of them being a 26" Samsung LCD monitor for my Mac computer. 
134. I must say the user reviews on the Amazon site were also very helpful and that is why I felt compelled to write my own review on this TV and the delivery service.  
135. As far as the TV it is awesome and the picture and performance are to die for! 
136. I thought the tv was very easy to set up with an intuitive onscreen menu and a well organized owner's manual.I purchased this model in large part due to its anti-glare features, and I was not disappointed. 
137. The tv faces a large window about 12 feet away but does not pick up any glare from the sunlight. 
138. With my older set, it was almost impossible to watch tv during the day with the blinds open. 
139. Get HD channels thru satellite providers (we have Direct TV). 
140. It works great with the TV remote (Nirvana).Amazon Experience: THE BEST people and PRICE- Guaranteed for 30 days.  
141. Excellent tv, easy to set up with great picture.Have had difficulty getting an input signal to the AV2 jacks which my son uses for games. 
142. I mainly watch sports on my TV and the resolution is incredible.  
143. Even my wife who didn't really support paying $2k for a TV is happy we made the purchase.  
144. The picture on this tv Is really good. 
145. The down side to this tv is it has to have a strong signal to get the digital channels without a cable box from your local cable company. 
146. But when the cable company starts adding channels to digital and not anilog I'll switch to direct TV. 
147. All in all this is a really good TV.J P from  Missouri( no I'm not a hillbilly)
148. Great TV.  
149. If you order any TV from Amazon make sure you give them a phone number you can be reached at all day.  
150. My TV arrived a full week later only because the freight company couldn't get in touch with me.  
151. I mostly watch digital Standard Definition TV, but the picture is still very good. 
152. All the reviews are correct - buy this TV, you won't be disappointed.
153. This TV is fabulous -- the HD picture is superb, as is the picture watching upconvert regular DVDs. 
154. I love the non-reflective screen; I think this is the primary factor differentiating this model from the 4665 -- I have a big window right behind my TV and I don't notice the light reflection at all. 
155. I'm getting a humming sound when the tv is turned up past 22 but it might be my Charter supplied audio cables.
156. The picture and clarity for this TV is amazing. 
157. I was worried that a 46" TV would be too big for my living room TV area but it's a perfect fit. 
158. I was worried that a 46" TV would be too big for my living room TV area but it's a perfect fit. 
159. If you're watching standard definition TV in 4:3 viewing mode, you still get the screen real estate equivalent to a 37" standard TV! 
160. If you're watching standard definition TV in 4:3 viewing mode, you still get the screen real estate equivalent to a 37" standard TV! 
161. No complaints there.The problem I had is when the volume is turned up, the down firing speakers cause the TV's plastic cabinet to buzz. 
162. I did a little research on some Audio/Video forums, and found there were other owners of this particular TV who were experiencing the same problem.I ended up fixing the problem myself by taking off the rear panel of the TV set. 
163. I did a little research on some Audio/Video forums, and found there were other owners of this particular TV who were experiencing the same problem.I ended up fixing the problem myself by taking off the rear panel of the TV set. 
164. TV was great, while it lasted.  
165. The picture is good (blacks and colors look good), there are ample inputs for hooking up components, viewing from various angles is good (TV stand even swivels!) 
166. This may be resolved with a HDMI hookup (my DVD player doesn't have it) or an upconverting player, but I'm not too sold on that technology as I've read some poor reviews of even the leading upconverting players.Note: Since Best Buy couldn't deliver the item before Dec. 31, we decided to purchase the TV from Amazon and were happy we did. 
167. I found the reviews for this particular model TV which I read on the Internet to be very favorable. 
168. Great TV! 
169. It has a 10,000:1 contrast ratio which is incredible and I have to agree that this TV always puts out a beautiful picture, especially on the HD channels. 
170. Lastly, this TV is a perfect size for someone living in an apartment in NYC, not too big, but not too small either.
171. I plan to get Dish HD next week and position box next to TV to hook-up directly from box using HDMI, I'm betting an even better picture experience.I orginally bought the Samsung LN-S4695D from Amazon and noticed some clouding issues in lower left corner and upper right, most prominent in low light setting and dark movies.  
172. Excellent TV so far. 
173. I've never thought local free channels would look this great before buying this TV.Awesome picture quality.  
174. Resolution of 1920x1080 give really really huge space to work with although I would prefer allowance of 1280x768 to make all the display, fonts... bigger so I can surf the web at 10 feet away instead of having to move closer to the TV everytime I'm surfing the web.Overall, very happy with this TV. 
175. We were happy with this tv for about a year and a half when a vertical line started appearing on the side of the screen.  
176. I'm not an electronics guru, but it was so simple to set up and get started with my new HD satelite system.TV was ready right out of the box. 
177. Anyway, great TV, great service.  
178. The matte finish on the screen stops all the glare I used to have from my old tube TV. 
179. They even offered to move my huge 36" tv off the stand and placed the new one in it's place. 
180. Seeing that their van was still full of the same TV made me feel better about my purchase. 
181. This is a great TV! 
182. The delivery people were great, set it up, tested it out, and didn't leave until the picture was fine (which didn't take long as the tv worked great right out of the box).  
183. The TV itself is AWESOME. 
184. While it worked, it worked well.Keep in mind, there are three main assemblies in this TV: the CPU circuit board; the power supply, and the LCD panel itself.* Four months after I bought it, in October 2007, power supply went out and the unit died.  
185. Samsung agreed to replace the panel under warranty, even though the TV original warranty had expired, and the servicing company came out again two weeks later and replaced it.* Two months later, in October 2008, the TV died again.  
186. Again, Samsung, to their credit, extended the warranty to cover this repair -- although I did have to escalate the problem to their customer satisfaction department.Thus, after these visits all of the main assemblies in this TV were replaced.  
187. Delivered to my home on Jan 9th by Eagle Logistics. 2 young and personable men brought the TV into my living room, unboxed it, set it up on the stand and plugged it in to make sure everything was working fine. 
188. Bottom line: great TV, great service, and best price by far from Amazon. 
189. The driver came in and set up the TV to be sure it was working properly. 
190. If your screen is showing signs of getting darker and you have not called to get your capacitors fixed by Samsung I STRONGLY SUGGEST YOU JUST SAY YOU GOT RID OF YOUR TV AND TAKE THE $300 DEBIT CARD TO PUT TOWARDS A NEW TV.  
191. If your screen is showing signs of getting darker and you have not called to get your capacitors fixed by Samsung I STRONGLY SUGGEST YOU JUST SAY YOU GOT RID OF YOUR TV AND TAKE THE $300 DEBIT CARD TO PUT TOWARDS A NEW TV.  
192. You can actually then fix the capacitors on your own (and then just keep it as a 2nd room TV until it dies.  
193. The clarity of the TV is wonderful, it has plenty of connections and works well with my home theater system and directv.
194. Well....1) when your TV goes to a 100% white screen in less than 2 months, 2)and you go through countless hours with Samsung "customer service" (a joke in itself) getting lied to and no results, 3)and you go through countless hours with their designated repair service (and this was the 3rd one assigned until someone actually responded and came to look at it!)
195. Excellent TV for the price.  
196. I bought this TV because of the good reviews. 
197. Occasionally, I get a flash of heavily green or blue tinted screen, but I haven't tested to determine if this is a problem with the incoming signal or the tv.  
198. If you're reading this you already know this is a GREAT TV. 
199. Hands down, the best 46 inch LCD TV on the market, and the Feb issue of a very popular consumer magazine agrees with all of you. 
200. This TV has a great picture. 
201. After 3 years I've run into two significant problems with this TV.  
202. Needless to say, I will be spending that $1000 towards a new, higher quality TV.  
203. Purchased TV from AMAZON late last month. 
204. Great TV for the price. 
205. Did you have any feedback on the actual tv's picture quality, sound, inputs, etc??
206. Anyway, for the price this is a GREAT TV!!
207. The packaging was intact and the delivery person took it out of the box so that I had immediate confirmation that the tv had not been mishandled.
208. I was intitially pleased to have bought this TV.  
209. I ordered this TV last week and picked it up over the weekend at the shipping facility. 
210. TV looks fine...HD TV looks nearly as good as some HD and Blu Ray DVDs I've seen. 
211. The SAMSUNG LN-T4661F HD LCD TV was a perfect right out of the box.  
212. The tv is totally awesome.  
213. You will not go wrong with this TV. 
214. I love the PQ on the Sharp and Sony but the problems were too much not to ignore, especially when you are paying Two grand or more for a TV. 
215. I do have the TV connected to a surround sound system...but that is for DVD movies and games. 
216. The TV speakers are great for regular TV viewing! 
217. The TV speakers are great for regular TV viewing! 
218. Overall my experience has been great with this TV! 
219. If you like this TV - like I do ( and the "TV Guru" at my local Circuit City) - put in in your cart and wait for the price drop. 
220. I love this TV - it is better than I expected. 
221. The universal remote would handle my new IPOD, DVD,CD player and surround sound system plus TV. 
222. We called the universal remote company and they confirm Samsung has not put the codes on thier web site so that purchaser of this new TV can download for a universal remote. 
223. This is a very good TV. 
224. This is a great TV.  
225. It is a wonderful TV and the picture is dazzling even in daylight.
226. It has been a year since my purchase and this TV has been great.  
227. This is my first "big screen" TV. 
228. The set itself is beautiful - very sleek for a 46" - smaller profile than most other 46" LCD TV's.  
229. A great TV, and the buying experience from Amazon was perfect.
230. As usual HDTV looks good, standard TV stinks. 
231. TV looks great, I have been researching on LCD TV for a while and atlast ended up buying Samsung, my finalized list was AQUOS Sharp, Samsung, and Sony. but Samsung beat both of them with Excellent black levels, clear image, lots of input ports, easy to navigate menus. 
232. For the price range, you probably can't find a better TV.
233. Hello,This is a beautiful TV that has such great colors you cannot really believe it.  
234. It does make a sound like a video game when turning on or off, but I don't find that bothersome.All in all a great tv.  
235. I felt my older tube TV had a sharper and brighter picture. 
236. The TV maintains a very good picture even in zoom mode. 
237. Can not think of any bad things to say about this TV Great price and features if you are in the market for for this size LCD HDTV look no further
238. Great TV, great price.I ordered the TV to watch the national championship game.  
239. Great TV, great price.I ordered the TV to watch the national championship game.  
240. The Samsung LNT4661F 46" 1080p LCD HDTV is a great TV and a bargain.  
241. Purchased the TV based on Consumer Reports recommendation and a friend who purchased the same TV.  
242. SD programming isn't the best on a TV of this size, but I don't blame that on the TV. 
243. The TV is oustnading; very clear and bright, excellent clarity and resolution, and great ease of use.  
244. I have a Sony surround sound and 1080p upscale DVD player attached to the TV with fantastic results.  
245. I live in a rural area and hardly got any over the air channels very clear using VHF; the HD UHF signal is great and we enjoy excellent reception with a small HD TV antenna on a shelf.
246. About 2 months after that repair I noticed that the Tv was taking longer than usual to turn on, approx 15 to 20 seconds, called Samsung and was told that it was normal (even though it had just started doing that).  
247. Anyway, on Jan 2nd 2009, the TV turned itself off and back on, called Samsung and was told that this is the TV telling me that I need a new lamp (approx. a $400 repair), after digging a little deeper with this CR, was told that when the TV was taking a long time to turn on it was the first warning but now I am out of warranty.BE WARY, if the TV starts doing anything wierd call Samsung and get a repair person out ASAP.By the way I was also told that 2% to 3% of these TV's are expected to fail (very low percentage, but not when you pay $2500 and yours is in that 2% or 3%).
248. Anyway, on Jan 2nd 2009, the TV turned itself off and back on, called Samsung and was told that this is the TV telling me that I need a new lamp (approx. a $400 repair), after digging a little deeper with this CR, was told that when the TV was taking a long time to turn on it was the first warning but now I am out of warranty.BE WARY, if the TV starts doing anything wierd call Samsung and get a repair person out ASAP.By the way I was also told that 2% to 3% of these TV's are expected to fail (very low percentage, but not when you pay $2500 and yours is in that 2% or 3%).
249. This TV has been a complete joy. 
250. After some minor adjustments between it and my DVR cable box, this TV has a great crystal clear picture and very good sound. 
251. I would rate it a 10 out of 10.It also was a great help in ordering the TV through Amazon. 
252. This TV gives a great picture in standard def. 
253. Consumer's reports rated this tv second behind SONY KDL46xbr4 which was $1,200 more.
254. TV is beautiful - on or off.
255. Felt I needed to share my review about the Samsung LNT4661F and my experience with ordering from Amazon.The TV is spectacular.  
256. Eagle shipping was excellent, brought TV inside, unpacked set, tested operation, and took carton with them. 
257. The TV worked great for two years then started to fail with the purple dot syndrome many of this model gets.  
258. I would hesitate to purchase another Samsung as other reviews from other sources indicate they are not standing by this product since it is "out of warranty"  These are expensive TV's and I expect something of this magnitude to last a lot lot longer.  
259. The tv was delivered in perfect condition.It was $300 less than Best Buy and Circut City, no taxes (9.25% in Chicago,soon to be 10.25%) and free delivery,it's a no brainer.As far as the product goes its great.Beautiful picture,easy to set up,very good instructions. 
260. I know that Samsung has a few higher, more expensive models, but I figure that TV's are only going to get better so I could wait forever to find the best TV for the best price.First I'd like to talk about the shipping.  
261. The truck driver couldn't have been more nice, handled the TV perfectly, and unpacked the TV to allow me to verify that it worked.  
262. Not one complaint in the shipping category.As far as the TV itself, I was able to mount it up and get all of my cables hooked up.  
263. i bought this tv about a month ago, it is the best lcd tv under $3900. the blacks look great, the colors look vibrant, and works with games great.
264. Amazon Experience:Ordered the TV on amazon using free shipping (total was 2k) and of course I was kind of worried because they use this Eagle EGL company to deliver the item, but they were prompt to call me within a few days (3 to be exact) and scheduled a drop off time...so to sum up delivery I received the item a 5 days after the purchase, which is almost 3 times faster then the estimated two weeks amazon gave me.  
265. Also one last gripe; which isn't really that bad and can be ignored easily, some 1080i sources ghost some of the faster moving images...Pros:*AMAZING Blacks PERIOD*Great Colors (for the most part)*Sexy as hell*Very Clean and Clear image (though not as clear as Sony KDL or XBR)*1080p through componentCons:*Sometimes frequency interference will show itself*Blues are strange*1080i sources show up with quite a fair amount of ghosting (trails left behind moving images)Hope this review helps =) -- long live Samsung (i love sony too, but this TV has better value and 1080p through component ^_^Saman K.
266. The tv itself was in perfect condition. 
267. Over-the-air HD looks awesome, DVD's look great, and SD TV is acceptable.  
268. I have to admit, I was EXTREMELY hesitant to purchase a TV online.  
269. I spent the next week constantly checking the Eagle website, making sure my TV wasn't going to be lost or destroyed.  
270. To my (grateful) surprise, my TV showed up on time, was in perfect condition, and looked GREAT.
271. You have a great TV, ma'am."
272. So, my bottom line is this: If you're looking for a great, quality 46" LCD TV, look no further than this deal on the Amazon site.  
273. Every time I see my TV, I give myself a little pat on the back for being such a savvy shopper and finding this amazing deal on such a quality TV.
274. I bought this TV at the end of last yr and it is excellent. 100% Pros and can't find any Cons. 
275. This TV arrived fast and in perfect condition.  
276. This TV has a better picture than any plasma or other LCD I have seen any where.  
277. The cost of repair is more than the cost of a new tv. 
278. But now, one and a half years later we are very dissatisfied.The TV has developed a problem with delamination (portions of screen have blackish streaks that turn dark bluish on blue and purplish on white). 
279. Presently the TV only receives regular TV signal(it's probably a good time to upgrade to HD:-). 
280. Presently the TV only receives regular TV signal(it's probably a good time to upgrade to HD:-). 
281. DVDs (through HDMI) are amazing and even the regular digital TV channels (through component) look decent. 
282. The TV handles that just fine too.  
283. I just may have to add a surround sound system to this TV that's as good as my home theater system in the basement.
284. Just bought thios TV and it is great. 
285. I had a ten year old Hitachi projection TV I gave to my step son when we got the Samsung.  
286. We got this TV based on recommendations and good reviews as well as my wife seeing one in the store and thinking that it had a great picture.  
287. The 4665 was out because our room has lots of windows and the glare would drive me nuts.I also considered the Sharp Aquos and the Sony W3000 but the Samsung had the best picture and got better reviews.So overall a great TV. 
288. This TV is perfect for my new home that has floor to ceiling windows-lots of sunlight-but I don't get any glare!  
289. The matte screen does reduce the contrast and dark detail a little bit comparing to 4665, 4671, and Sony, but is the right choice for our bright living room.The on TV speakers are average. 
290. Eagle USA set up my TV and make sure it works and to my satisfaction. 
291. The TV is beautiful, very sleek and modern looking. 
292. The TV is great, I am glad I got the matte screen. 
293. I have direct TV and in super video mode it is still pretty good. 
294. Per my local tv repairshop, the LCD panel is bad.  
295. I studied the hookup diagram that came with the TV and saw that the optical audio cable should go from the TV optical output to my Denon amplifier input. 
296. I studied the hookup diagram that came with the TV and saw that the optical audio cable should go from the TV optical output to my Denon amplifier input. 
297. With the HDMI cable, purchased from Amazon running from the Dish HDTV receiver to the TV, the surround sound is perfect.The savings from Amazon together with the confidence that one is dealing with arguably the best company in the business makes a major purchase like this a pleasure.
298. Amazon had the best price, it shipped quickly, and the shipping service brought it into my house and plugged it in to make sure it had no physical damage and that it powered up.The TV itself is great with any good HD service.  
299. To maximize the TV's stand-alone sound quality, make sure to follow the instructions to set-up the TV's surround-sound feature.The TV is relatively light-weight and it was easy to set-up.
300. To maximize the TV's stand-alone sound quality, make sure to follow the instructions to set-up the TV's surround-sound feature.The TV is relatively light-weight and it was easy to set-up.
301. To maximize the TV's stand-alone sound quality, make sure to follow the instructions to set-up the TV's surround-sound feature.The TV is relatively light-weight and it was easy to set-up.
302. The Amazon price, including free shipping, was a bargain compared to local stores and made the TV a real value for a quality 46" 1080P picture. 
303. This TV has a great picture and the sound is so so, but I've got mine hooked up to surround sound so it doesn"t really matter. 
304. I know of two other people with exactly the same TV and they also love it.
305. The newer TV's are much better at controllng this problem, but with LCD prices coming down, better safe than sorry.This set worked great out of the box with little adjustment.  
306. HD picture is of course great, but DVD and normal TV also looks very good.  
307. Standard TV signal handling is important given that so much of cable is not yet HD.  
308. Our TV is on a long wall, so it is possible to sit far off center, so this is something I have fully tested.Speaker sound is only OK.  
309. When my kids play their XBox 360 on the tv, the detail is also amazing. 
310. I did alot of research before picking this TV and I'm extremely happy I did.Also, my family room has 6 large window and my old tv reflected everything from outside like a mirror which was very annoying. 
311. I did alot of research before picking this TV and I'm extremely happy I did.Also, my family room has 6 large window and my old tv reflected everything from outside like a mirror which was very annoying. 
312. They were very professional and our delivery man was kind enough to help us downstairs with our old TV.I would very much recommend buying this TV from Amazon.
313. However, it's easily the best tv in its price range.The default color settings for this TV are terrible, but after following the adjustment settings I found on another website, they are much better. 
314. However, it's easily the best tv in its price range.The default color settings for this TV are terrible, but after following the adjustment settings I found on another website, they are much better. 
315. Please note that these settings take a few minutes to get used to, especailly if you've been watching the default settings for a while, but once you've watched the "corrected" color settings for a while, you'll never be able to watch the factory colors settings ever agian.Once the colors are corrected, this TV offers an amazing picture. 
316. If this will be your first LCD tv, plan on noticing a little motion blur. 
317. We are very happy with this TV and my wife was really impressed.
318. I think the TV sound is adequate but once anyone gets HDTV...you just have to get a sound system/home-theater. 
319. One small disappointment, I can't get the Samsung remote to code-in to the Direct TV receiver.Update August 2013:  The picture tube failed. 
320. The TV was flawless and has worked perfectly for a month or so now.Are there things I'd like to behave differently?  
321. Beware that there is no slot in this TV.As for the pleasant surprises...1. 
322. This TV is noticeably better.  
323. DIVX movies played via a Phillips DVD player look quite watchable to me also on this set.There may be comparable/cheaper/better TV's out there but for me, this was a very satisfying purchase.good luck!
324. Great price and fantastic TV.  
325. This TV is very good, the only shame is that i don't have any content in 1080p to show on its beautiful screen, but i'm planning on buying a blu-ray player soon to really see its full potential.
326. Highly recommend buying this awesome tv from amazon. 

negative sentences : 
1. Received this TV in late May.  
2. TV is not even a month old and already the TV has dead pixels running from the top of the screen to the bottom, practically dividing the TV in half. 
3. Like so many others, I bought this TV after plenty of research on 46" LCDs. 
4. I cannot stop watching movies  on this TV.Oh, another con: the black frame and stand is a DUST MAGNET. 
5. Fearing an inexplicable/unaccountable disappearance of our TV, we had to agree, but before getting off the phone with Ricky, I asked him again - "So, you're sure you're going to deliver it at 10 am tomorrow?" 
6. After doing some comparison research I decided that the extra $130 was well worth it for this set.I was a little apprehensive about purchasing a TV online, but the process was extremely smooth. 
7. They helped me up the stairs with the TV, took it out of the box and plugged it in to make sure it worked properly.Now on to the TV, some people have mentioned poor audio quality, but really, I don't think it's bad at all, but I always use my surround sound so its a moot point for me.Enough about the speakers though, it's the picture that really makes this set shine.  
8. it is pathetically irisory that we puertoricans,since 1914 have shed blood  for USA in all bloody wars and right now we cotinue doig so in Iraq and Afghanistan and you bureaucratc ruled company wont let us buy even a meager TV SET.i KNOW YOU WILL DISREAGARD THIS e- mAIL AND ,LIKE ALWAYS WILL SHIFT THE BLAME ON SOME HAZY us governmen gray GIANT SUB-SUB SUB AGENCY REGULATION.IF THIS DOESNT SOUND AS FLAGRANT RACISM, BIGOTRY AND PREJUDICE AGAINS US,LET ME KNOW HOW ELSE YOU CALL IT.
9. Some of the other TV's on the market have a slightly hight refresh rate (5ms for LG, 4ms for Sharp) but I found the slower 8ms refresh rate of this tv is not noticeable.  
10. Some of the other TV's on the market have a slightly hight refresh rate (5ms for LG, 4ms for Sharp) but I found the slower 8ms refresh rate of this tv is not noticeable.  
11. They even refunded my $50 because the price of the TV went down that much within 30 days of my purchase.
12. I kinda panicked thinking I was one of the VERY few who might have got a bad TV. 
13. I figured it cant be a bad tv if some channels are fine and some are bad. 
14. I got the tv on time, and in one piece and it works great.... but, the delivery was not even close to what i expected... but hey, then again, delivery was free, so i got what i paid for.Overall....TV gets an AAmazon gets an A (cheapest price anywhere, no taxes, free shipping)Delivery (EAGLE) gets a C
15. I did A LOT of research on HD LCD's prior to buying this TV and I'm certainly happy with my decision.  
16. Spending over $2000 for a TV was a little difficult for me to bite off but  I have no regrets and would recommend this TV to anyone thinking about an HD LCD TV.  
17. I am anal about video quality, and the poor look of SD TV/DVD's is worth suffering through to experience the awesome HD quality, when it can be seen.I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this TV to anyone, especially as a dual use PC monitor/TV. 
18. I am anal about video quality, and the poor look of SD TV/DVD's is worth suffering through to experience the awesome HD quality, when it can be seen.I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this TV to anyone, especially as a dual use PC monitor/TV. 
19. Don't hold it against the TV if lower resolution sources look poor, when given a high resolution signal it is designed for it looks brilliant.  
20. Analog programing on this TV is grainy because of the size of the screen. 
21. The sound is not very good on this tv.  
22. Definitely recommend Amazon and TV is great but not perfect so only 4 out of 5 stars...
23. They are on the rear of the TV and and they have poor freqeuncy response.  
24. We also bought a multi directional antenna from Amazon and set it on top of a speaker pointed in the direction of our closest TV market(Toledo) and are pulling in local stations we never got before that are HD. 
25. More pleased every day with these purchases-2010 UPDATE- This TV has developed a dark streak down the middle of the screen after less than 2 yrs. 
26. The room I am setting the TV in has lots of natural light and an LCD was a better choice than a plasma.  
27. So, the contrast ratio became a major specification for each TV being sized up.  
28. I noticed for my room "movie" mode works best, since I normally only watch TV in the early evening.  
29. Needless to say, we have a ton of uncontrollable ambient light around the TV.  
30. That was part of their job as I had to sign a form to indicate we checked all of the functions before they left.Overall, I love this TV.  
31. You plug the port saver into your TV, and then your actual HDMI cable into it. 
32. Apparently, there are two different problems with this Samsung TV (and many other related models). 
33. I called Samsung but because I owned the TV for more than 12 months, it was no longer covered under warranty. 
34. No complaints, quality is great and the tv is light enough to lift on my own.
35. It could have been the antenna I bought and my proximity (or lack there of) to a major city, but it was difficult to get broadcast TV signals. 
36. Not quite as sharp and CRT TV on regular channels.
37. This is my second flat panel LCD TV.  
38. You would expect at $1600+ TV to last more than that. 
39. Amazon price is very good as compared to retail store prices, with no tax and free delivery it is steal at Amazon.Proper calibration is must to get the better PQ on this set, this set provide more picture settings compared to my 4695D, movie mode (more natural picture with natural skin tones)in the Picture setup must be calibrated properly to get the best PQ otherwise picture does not look good which not TV's issue.
40. I just ordered this TV about a half hour ago and I already love it!
41. If just ordering the TV filled me with this much bliss, using it will probably kill me!
42. Hi def looks amazing, while standard def is also very good - not great, but I blame that on the output of my cable box more than the tv. 
43. I can't say enough about the picture on this TV ... and since so many others that have reviewed it before me have raved about the picture quality, I won't repeat all the details found in the other reviews. 
44. Instead, I would just like to say "ditto" to the many many positive reviews of this TV.I would also like to add some very positive comments about buying it from Amazon.  
45. Do your comparisons and you'll see that Amazon can't be beat, no tax, free shipping, delivered to your TV Stand, literally...THIS IS A BUY! 
46. You will be entranced and enraptured with this TV.Many thanks to Amazon, Electronics Expo, and EGL for first class service.
47. Picture with standard definition TV is, naturally, not as good, but I don't find it distractingly bad... 
48. The current price on Amazon (around 1600) is a DEAL -- I paid 300 more and am still very happy with the deal I got.Delivery was fine; I know some people have had trouble with Eagle but I found them flexible on delivery time, they scheduled delivery within 24 hours of them getting the TV, they showed up exactly when they said they would, and set things up appropriately.One slight glitch -- if you use this TV with a Samsung home theater, there are some weird issues where the home theater and the TV communicate with each other a bit too much; e.g., I like to listen to CDs on the home theater, but the TV turns on whenever I insert a CD.  
49. The blacks are rich not to forget how attractive and stylish the tv itself also is.  
50. This TV got rave reviews from many sites in the beginning but if you do your research you will find hundreds of complaints that this TV fails about 1 year to 18 months in - which is naturally outside of warranty and Samsung refuses to acknowledge the problem! 
51. I know some will say its just a TV, but its a beauty especially with other TV's at this price. 
52. That's nit picky I know,,, but that is about the only thing I can find wrong about this TV. 
53. To add insult to injury, they told me that I had inflicted damage on my TV by installing the optional update from their web site and that I would have to call them back on Monday to find out whether they were going to cover the repair.So now my Samsung TV is a useless brick and it will be several days before I have the privilege to pay to fix it.
54. To add insult to injury, they told me that I had inflicted damage on my TV by installing the optional update from their web site and that I would have to call them back on Monday to find out whether they were going to cover the repair.So now my Samsung TV is a useless brick and it will be several days before I have the privilege to pay to fix it.
55. To think I spent over $2K on this TV less than 5 years ago and it is shot....so disappointed in Samsung!
56. The TV is awesome and I have no regrets regarding this purchase. 
57. HD programming is stunning, and SD broadcasts look decent, much better than I've seen on some other tv's.  
58. I thought I needed to balance out the 1 star that the previous review just gave this tv because the universal remote code was unavailable as of yet. 
59. No regrets this was the right TV for me.
60. But after a year as soon as the warantee expired, the TV started giving black box shaded pictures.  
61. I realize that analog channels are not that good on an LCD TV. 
62. In the beginning the brightness of the tv is a bit overwhelming in a dark room but after a few hours it will adjust to normal. 720p and 1080p video is exceptional and will measure up against any tv in the 10:000 to 1 contrast arena. 
63. The only knock I have against this tv is that in dark scenes, it is hard to see the picture clearly. 
64. Other than that great tv and great deal from Amazon.
65. Overall i highly recommend this TV and buying it from Amazon was just the icing on cake.
66. This 46inch Samsung TV replaces my Panasonic 42inch Plasma and let me tell you I've been more than happy with this set,no problem and I also got a superdeal on this set,I consider this LCD a gift from Amazon for the the price that I paid....Thank you Amazon.
67. The biggest problem with this tv is that I am spending way too much time watching it.  
68. The only problem is that the clarity of the TV really highlights how poor non-HD broadcast quality is.I had never bought anything through Amazon and was very wary of getting a big ticket, and fragile, item over the internet and shipped.  
69. TV arrived a day early, Eagle called ahead of time to confirm we would be home and delivered on a very icy day - no problems whatsoever.For those of you hesitant to buy something like this online, be assured that Amazon provides all tracking info and Eagle seems to be a reputable shipping outfit.Hope this helps.
70. HD tv cannot get any better and SD tv is the same as my previous 32" lcd. 
71. HD tv cannot get any better and SD tv is the same as my previous 32" lcd. 
72. Samsung is unwilling to address this problem and will do nothing to help you get it fixed without charging just about as much money as the TV originally cost (and now LCD 46 inch TVs are half that price...so do the math there).  
73. With an awesome deal from amazon you really can't go wrong with this tv. 
74. We received the Samsung tv in a short period of time. 
75. I did all of my research and knew I wanted this particular TV and just could not beat the deal Amazon offered (especially when comparing it to the typical Best Buy and Circuit City "deals").  
76. I researched for many weeks which tv to buy. 
77. I bought a samsung 4665 lcd tv after reading many reviews,stating how nice the picture was and i was really disapointed.I brought the tv back to the store after a week of owning it.The biggist problem with this tv is the picture you get from standard definition there is so much jitter or you can call it picture noise,also there is lots of lag witch creates a very disapointing picture.I would consider myself someone who can really see's the difference in picture quality,but on the other hand my wife doesn't know much about tv's and the first thing she said when she saw the picture on sd,was your taking this thing back to the store.I did more research for another week or so and decided that i wasn't going to buy lcd again so i went for the panasonic 50px77u and i was blown away by the picture quality and so was my wife.With the samsung lcd the blacks would get washed away the second that you move away from the center of the tv,and the level of black wasn''t even close.The panasonic tv resembles alot more by projector cinema room witch is awesome.Now that i have first hand experiance with lcd vs plasma.I get a completely differnt sale pitch when i walk into televion stores.After speaking with the saleman they always end up telling me that they all have plasmas and that lcd's really suck.Sorry for pissing off a few of you,but i had to give back to the comunity witch helped me buy a tv that im really amazed with.Thanks for all your reviewsSerge Montreal,Quebec
78. I bought a samsung 4665 lcd tv after reading many reviews,stating how nice the picture was and i was really disapointed.I brought the tv back to the store after a week of owning it.The biggist problem with this tv is the picture you get from standard definition there is so much jitter or you can call it picture noise,also there is lots of lag witch creates a very disapointing picture.I would consider myself someone who can really see's the difference in picture quality,but on the other hand my wife doesn't know much about tv's and the first thing she said when she saw the picture on sd,was your taking this thing back to the store.I did more research for another week or so and decided that i wasn't going to buy lcd again so i went for the panasonic 50px77u and i was blown away by the picture quality and so was my wife.With the samsung lcd the blacks would get washed away the second that you move away from the center of the tv,and the level of black wasn''t even close.The panasonic tv resembles alot more by projector cinema room witch is awesome.Now that i have first hand experiance with lcd vs plasma.I get a completely differnt sale pitch when i walk into televion stores.After speaking with the saleman they always end up telling me that they all have plasmas and that lcd's really suck.Sorry for pissing off a few of you,but i had to give back to the comunity witch helped me buy a tv that im really amazed with.Thanks for all your reviewsSerge Montreal,Quebec
79. I bought a samsung 4665 lcd tv after reading many reviews,stating how nice the picture was and i was really disapointed.I brought the tv back to the store after a week of owning it.The biggist problem with this tv is the picture you get from standard definition there is so much jitter or you can call it picture noise,also there is lots of lag witch creates a very disapointing picture.I would consider myself someone who can really see's the difference in picture quality,but on the other hand my wife doesn't know much about tv's and the first thing she said when she saw the picture on sd,was your taking this thing back to the store.I did more research for another week or so and decided that i wasn't going to buy lcd again so i went for the panasonic 50px77u and i was blown away by the picture quality and so was my wife.With the samsung lcd the blacks would get washed away the second that you move away from the center of the tv,and the level of black wasn''t even close.The panasonic tv resembles alot more by projector cinema room witch is awesome.Now that i have first hand experiance with lcd vs plasma.I get a completely differnt sale pitch when i walk into televion stores.After speaking with the saleman they always end up telling me that they all have plasmas and that lcd's really suck.Sorry for pissing off a few of you,but i had to give back to the comunity witch helped me buy a tv that im really amazed with.Thanks for all your reviewsSerge Montreal,Quebec
80. I bought a samsung 4665 lcd tv after reading many reviews,stating how nice the picture was and i was really disapointed.I brought the tv back to the store after a week of owning it.The biggist problem with this tv is the picture you get from standard definition there is so much jitter or you can call it picture noise,also there is lots of lag witch creates a very disapointing picture.I would consider myself someone who can really see's the difference in picture quality,but on the other hand my wife doesn't know much about tv's and the first thing she said when she saw the picture on sd,was your taking this thing back to the store.I did more research for another week or so and decided that i wasn't going to buy lcd again so i went for the panasonic 50px77u and i was blown away by the picture quality and so was my wife.With the samsung lcd the blacks would get washed away the second that you move away from the center of the tv,and the level of black wasn''t even close.The panasonic tv resembles alot more by projector cinema room witch is awesome.Now that i have first hand experiance with lcd vs plasma.I get a completely differnt sale pitch when i walk into televion stores.After speaking with the saleman they always end up telling me that they all have plasmas and that lcd's really suck.Sorry for pissing off a few of you,but i had to give back to the comunity witch helped me buy a tv that im really amazed with.Thanks for all your reviewsSerge Montreal,Quebec
81. I choose for Samsung T4661F based on the quality and price after reading many online reviews.The TV is great, just as described from many reviews. 
82. That problem eventually went away, but was replaced by the infamous delayed turn-on problem caused by defective capacitors.I actually just today replaced the capacitors myself, and the problem seems to be fixed, but it seems very devious of SamSuck to manufacture TV's that start having problems just outside of their warranty period. 
83. Even though I was able to fix the problem myself for only $2.24, there are others who don't feel comfortable doing this themselves, and don't know how easy of a fix it really is (do a search for "Samsung LCD TV power-on issue", and you will see sites that explain it all with pictures, etc.).I recommend that everyone write the Attorney General's office of where Samsung's USA HQ is (from memory, I think they are based out of California). 
84. They will do the install even though the unit is not purchased there.The TV worked great with no need to make adjustments beyond the factory presets. 
85. This TV is everything that the other customers who rated the TV said it was. 
86. This TV is everything that the other customers who rated the TV said it was. 
87. I don't like the results, but it keeps the TV's overall size smaller.  
88. Reality check... this TV is not the perfect, amazing, bestest tv ever like some reviews say it is. 
89. Reality check... this TV is not the perfect, amazing, bestest tv ever like some reviews say it is. 
90. I was a little worried about buying a TV this large and delicate over the internet.  
91. Since there are several glowing reviews of this LCD TV I'll be brief.  
92. This is the worst quality TV that I ever had.  
