
------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : chargers, positive Score : 50 and negative Score :-32
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Don't have to worry about remembering to unplug at certain time like MOST timer based chargers.  
2. Most are very basic "straight to the point" chargers, which is why this one interested me.Right off the bat, the charger looks nice - it's got a stylish white design (much like Eneloop batteries), but unlike most chargers this one uses an AC power cord (opposed to the flip-out prongs most use). 
3. Most are very basic "straight to the point" chargers, which is why this one interested me.Right off the bat, the charger looks nice - it's got a stylish white design (much like Eneloop batteries), but unlike most chargers this one uses an AC power cord (opposed to the flip-out prongs most use). 
4. This can be good or bad, depending on what you prefer (for travel or a low-profile look, the flip-downs are great - for setting on a desk or home-use, sometimes the power cord is nice (especially when trying to plug several chargers into close outlets). 
5. It also has a "flip down" cover - this again can be good or bad (good in that it keeps everything looking clean, and "protects"/holds the batteries in), bad in that it's an extra piece to worry about.Now the great things about the charger are the refresh button (which drains all the batteries then fully charges them - unlike most chargers which simply fill them up from their existing amounts) - this supposedly gives better charges (batteries last longer/work better). 
6. This is actually a good thing as the 15-minute chargers harm the batteries.. 
7. I just wish they wouldnt advertise it as "Super Quick" when it's not.One other bonus (which actually is the case with most of these AA chargers) are that they can also charge AAA batteries.
8. It allows the user to refresh the batteries so that the gauge used to see if the batteries are full is accurate unlike other battery chargers. 
9. This is an excellent product.The refresh option is really good.Though there are other chargers avilable at a cheaper price we can rely on this for quality and standard...
10. I figured that the 8-hour charge can't be too healthy for them so I decided to look for a better charger with automatic detection and adjustment of the charging times for each individual battery.I considered several good automatic chargers that treat each battery individually. 
11. This is much useful than the 15 min chargers also by Sony. 
12. Sony BCG-34HRMD4 (mind you, it is NOT 'Super Quick')Pro:Sony BCG-34HRMD4 has LCD readout of progress/failure for each oneIMHO, I'd say that (unless you are forever in a mad rush) the LCDscreen (which indicates each battery's status) outweighs AA & AAANiMH chargers made by Rayovac or Energizer (although 15 minutes).Con:The two other brands (which are comparable for results) charge in15 minutes (stated claim; you argue with them, not me).These two brands are- Rayovac 15-Minute (IC3 technology) (there's one w/ car adapter)(you can get spotty/bad info by doing a Search for B0000A1OFY )- Energizer 15-Minute chargers and batteries (Search B0000DIIAS )(note well that the Energizer people make/sell three different AAbatteries that are rechargeable NiMH; they have different limits.Check and double-check (by walking into the physical store if youhave time and mobility) the different grades of AA batteries. 
13. In case you use Rayovac (aka Ray-O-Vac),beware the high heat that is generated, even when used CORRECTLY.Don't let young people or airheads handle that brand's 15-minutesline of products; they'll mess up (burn skin or total the house).No, the chargers are not as dangerous as old-time pressure cookervalves BUT you should read and follow instructions BEFORE use. 
14. Battery Chargers have come a long way.  
15. I've used various NiMH chargers for years, and this is probably the worst I've ever used.  
16. The refresh function is something that I have not seen on many chargers.  
17. I'm going to donate all my old chargers.  
18. Maybe it's an issue of the heat, I don't know, but it's not a problem other chargers have.The LCD is neat, the refresh function works, and shape is good and it feels well built.  
19. Second, the display is very helpful to see the battery status, so you have more than a single led like in other chargers. 
20. But what I like most is that this charger charges the each battery individually and not in pairs like other chargers.I wish Sony bundled this charger with LSD (Low Self Discharge) cells instead of the regular NiMH cells.  
21. YOU HAVE AN INDIVIDUAL DISPLAY OF THE BATTERIES CHARGING CONDITION FOR EACH OF THE BATERIES BEING CHARGED AT ALL TIMES, AND CONTRARY TO MOST OTHER CHARGERS, YOU ARE ABLE TO CONDITION AND CHARGE INDIVIDUALLY ONE BATTERY AT A TIME.  
22. This feature that isn't available on many other chargers, including others from Sony (see below for more on this topic).  
23. Most inexpensive chargers use a very high rate of charge that over heat your batteries and shorten there life.Fast chargers are not good for your batteies.This charger charges at a safe rate and your batteries always get just warm.Sony gives you a set(4)of 2700 mah capacity batterys that is the highest capacity at this time and great for power hungry electronics.The BCG-34hrmf4 is differant than most fast chargers in that each cell has a seperate charge curcuit and a cell discharger called a "refresh" (button).Use the refresh button to fully discharge half used batteries before charging also,use the button every second or third time discharged batteries are charged. 
24. Most inexpensive chargers use a very high rate of charge that over heat your batteries and shorten there life.Fast chargers are not good for your batteies.This charger charges at a safe rate and your batteries always get just warm.Sony gives you a set(4)of 2700 mah capacity batterys that is the highest capacity at this time and great for power hungry electronics.The BCG-34hrmf4 is differant than most fast chargers in that each cell has a seperate charge curcuit and a cell discharger called a "refresh" (button).Use the refresh button to fully discharge half used batteries before charging also,use the button every second or third time discharged batteries are charged. 
25. Most inexpensive chargers use a very high rate of charge that over heat your batteries and shorten there life.Fast chargers are not good for your batteies.This charger charges at a safe rate and your batteries always get just warm.Sony gives you a set(4)of 2700 mah capacity batterys that is the highest capacity at this time and great for power hungry electronics.The BCG-34hrmf4 is differant than most fast chargers in that each cell has a seperate charge curcuit and a cell discharger called a "refresh" (button).Use the refresh button to fully discharge half used batteries before charging also,use the button every second or third time discharged batteries are charged. 
26. Other chargers never give you a battery status, just that it is charged. 
27. I have had this charger for over 4 years and it has never let me down.While this charger is more costly than others it also works better than any other charger I have ever used, and I have a drawer full of chargers.The first trip I brought this charger on was to a country that had terrible power and the charger works perfectly while other people in our group had problems.The best thing about this charger is that it uses a power cord like I use on my Laptop which not only elimates blocked outlets but allows me to put the charger on a table top.Features none of my other chargers have that I think makes this charger a rock star:*LCD display that show charging status for each individual battery*Refresh cycle that brings back batteries that I thought were ready for the recycle bin*Uses laptop type power cord without having a wall transformer blocking other outlets*Backlite display so I can see the status in low light*Automatically switches power for use in countries that are not 110 volt power with 60 cyclesThis is the charger I always recommend to my friends and they have all told me they like it as much as I do!!
28. I have had this charger for over 4 years and it has never let me down.While this charger is more costly than others it also works better than any other charger I have ever used, and I have a drawer full of chargers.The first trip I brought this charger on was to a country that had terrible power and the charger works perfectly while other people in our group had problems.The best thing about this charger is that it uses a power cord like I use on my Laptop which not only elimates blocked outlets but allows me to put the charger on a table top.Features none of my other chargers have that I think makes this charger a rock star:*LCD display that show charging status for each individual battery*Refresh cycle that brings back batteries that I thought were ready for the recycle bin*Uses laptop type power cord without having a wall transformer blocking other outlets*Backlite display so I can see the status in low light*Automatically switches power for use in countries that are not 110 volt power with 60 cyclesThis is the charger I always recommend to my friends and they have all told me they like it as much as I do!!
29. We have gone through several different chargers and they all had problems or drawbacks.  
30. The little chargers light goes out and quits charging when they have completed the full charge.  
31. Bit bigger than other chargers.

negative sentences : 
1. All my other chargers go through the charging cycle even for dead batteries - and they charge in pairs - meaning that if you charge a dead one and a good battery together, you don't realize it.  
2. Some of the batteries I just got with the device are already dead after only a few charge cycles.Perhaps I got a dud, but I will stay away from sony chargers in the future.
3. I use AA batteries all the time - I have literally a dozen and a half sets of rechargeables of all brands and about half a dozen different chargers. 
4. I tried different type of chargers in the past but none outperformed this one from Sony. 
5. Multi-voltage made it perfect for me in 6 different countries.Compared to other chargers, the downsides are the larger size and the bulky cord.
6. I've used half a dozen different battery chargers from Radio Shack, Energizer and a couple of off brands over the last five years. 
7. It has already diagnosed two bad batteries that the other chargers ignored and attempted to charge anyway. 
8. Taking into account the value of the included batteries, this charger is cheaper and more feature rich than other popular battery manufacturer's chargers.The only negative is that the unit should have a on/off switch so that the batteries can be changed out without unplugging the unit.The other chargers were donated to a charity store. 
9. Taking into account the value of the included batteries, this charger is cheaper and more feature rich than other popular battery manufacturer's chargers.The only negative is that the unit should have a on/off switch so that the batteries can be changed out without unplugging the unit.The other chargers were donated to a charity store. 
10. I have owned many chargers with other brand names.  
11. Any combination of AA or AAA.6) Individual charging circuits allow charging odd number of batteries (some chargers require to charge in pairs.)I would not say this is at all a "quick" or "rapid" charger.  
12. On the lighter side, unlike most chargers, it will indeed charge batteries individually, with a mix of AAA and AAs, no need to have two at a time. 
13. Tried other chargers but this one is the best by far. 
14. So, the included batteries you get are actually 2700mAh instead of 2300.When you take that in to consideration and subtract the value of the batteries, you're getting a VERY nice chargerwith an LCD for about $13.No, it isn't "super quick" by any comparison other than overnight trickle chargers. 
15. I am not a technician so I have no idea how this all works but the ones charged on this last so much longer, my other chargers have a permanent home in a box in the garage now.  
16. I don't easily give 1-star ratings, and I'm surprising myself by doing this for a Sony product...I bought this combo for our excellent Canon SX-10IS camera at work, thinking at that price and with the Sony name you probably can't go wrong...On the upside, for roughly 30 bucks usually you don't get a set of brand-name batteries, and a charger with single-slot control (all the cheaper chargers only charge 2 cells at a time, so they'll overcharge or undercharge if you give them mismatched batteries), and microcontroller (the cheap chargers will only shut off with a timer boiling your batteries if they're full before the timer runs out).Anyway, the batteries stink in that two of them give me only about half their nominal capacity.And the charger stinks in that inevitably, if you just leave the batteries in, after a while one of the slots' LCD starts flashing fast indicating a defective cell. 
17. I don't easily give 1-star ratings, and I'm surprising myself by doing this for a Sony product...I bought this combo for our excellent Canon SX-10IS camera at work, thinking at that price and with the Sony name you probably can't go wrong...On the upside, for roughly 30 bucks usually you don't get a set of brand-name batteries, and a charger with single-slot control (all the cheaper chargers only charge 2 cells at a time, so they'll overcharge or undercharge if you give them mismatched batteries), and microcontroller (the cheap chargers will only shut off with a timer boiling your batteries if they're full before the timer runs out).Anyway, the batteries stink in that two of them give me only about half their nominal capacity.And the charger stinks in that inevitably, if you just leave the batteries in, after a while one of the slots' LCD starts flashing fast indicating a defective cell. 
18. And as many people say, it is not the fastest charger out there, but I've found it fairly reliable compared to some of the other faster chargers I've owned in the past.One of the most interesting aspects of this charger, and many slow chargers, is that it actually has the ability to charge some alkaline batteries that are on the market.  
19. And as many people say, it is not the fastest charger out there, but I've found it fairly reliable compared to some of the other faster chargers I've owned in the past.One of the most interesting aspects of this charger, and many slow chargers, is that it actually has the ability to charge some alkaline batteries that are on the market.  
20. this was useless for me...it seems to be working but the batteries dont last more that 4-5 photos in my Canon...I used the original batteries...I also tried the batteries with other chargers, still terrible...they dont keep the charge for more than a 2-3 days also...stay away from this product...
21. Third, the batteries are individually recharged, so you don't need to recharged them in pairs like in other cheaper chargers.Unlike the charger, the included Sony batteries are useless. 
22. It is not one of those super fast chargers that wipe out your batteries, but it does not take too long to charge them either. 
23. I had been using two other brands of chargers and the charge lasted up to 2 - 3 months on my keyboard and mouse. 
24. Refresh function is a great feature, but it is really only useful if your batteries are charged in other chargers since this charger performs so well. 
25. Though the description claims as a Quick Charger, it is not as quick as some other chargers I have seen. 
26. My other chargers are a bit faster at putting a charge on, but the batteries die much much sooner.  
27. I've tried the charger with the included Sony batteries as well as other brands, batteries that have worked fine in other chargers.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : hours, positive Score : 41 and negative Score :-3
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I am very disappointed with the charging time, which is around 5 hours for 4 2700mAH batteries.I was looking for a quick charger which charges the batteries around 3 hours. 
2. This charger has only a single speed, and takes a few hours to reach full recharge.  
3. I don't think it would be a good idea to charge AA and AAA batteries at the same time (i.e. in parallel) even though it might seem like a quick way to charge those two kinds of batteries.As far as charging speed goes, this charger does a decent job at 4 hours. 
4. If I use the full discharge and recharge it usually takes no less than 6 hours. 
5. It fits perfectly for using with my lumix DMC-LZ7, because of the convenience of the refresh button, and the not-so-quick, but long-lasting charge with the 2700mAh batts, supporting 300+ shoots with my cam, known to be a bit hungry.2 hours for a full charge of a pair of batts, and 4 hours for 4 batts, it's OK for me... 
6. It is also quite fast (refreshed and charged 4x2000mAh batteries in 6 hours whereas I had to charge them for 20 hours with my old "dumb" charger), and can refresh batteries.However, one of the biggest advantages, in my view, is the charger's small size and light weight, suitable for carrying it in a pocket, and universal worldwide voltage. 
7. It is also quite fast (refreshed and charged 4x2000mAh batteries in 6 hours whereas I had to charge them for 20 hours with my old "dumb" charger), and can refresh batteries.However, one of the biggest advantages, in my view, is the charger's small size and light weight, suitable for carrying it in a pocket, and universal worldwide voltage. 
8. Advertising it as "super fast" isn't correct, as it will take hours to charge fully discharged batteries.
9. Like I said, it takes 5 hours (3 hours for the first indication plus 2 hours for a follow-up recharge).The great thing with this package is the batteries (not sure if made in Japan has anything to do with it).  
10. Like I said, it takes 5 hours (3 hours for the first indication plus 2 hours for a follow-up recharge).The great thing with this package is the batteries (not sure if made in Japan has anything to do with it).  
11. Like I said, it takes 5 hours (3 hours for the first indication plus 2 hours for a follow-up recharge).The great thing with this package is the batteries (not sure if made in Japan has anything to do with it).  
12. One thing I think is a bit misleading is the "SUPER QUICK CHARGER" claim - the thing takes several hours to charge (longer to "refresh") which does not mean "Super Quick" to me. 
13. After doing that and waiting a few hours, when I test them, those batteries test good. 
14. I charged the Sony batteries for several hours and shot maybe 50-60 shots with no problem. 
15. I would trust bigger battery brand names more than I would sony, to be honest, but I bought this because I had a lot of sony rechargeable batteries.I got this Battery Charger as a replacement for the one that was lost/thrown away by accident (by my neices/nephews) figuring the LCD display would be a nice feature to have so that I could tell when my batteries were gonna be charged.Well, the first charge took about 8 hours. 
16. "Charging" then takes another 3-4 hours all on it's own.
17. Your devise like a camera will tell you when there discharged to the proper level to recharge.These batterys should be discharged to minimum voltage but not dead.This charger will take 4-5 hours (or more)to discharge (refresh) and charge your batteries.If your on the road and using a camera that uses 4-aa rechargeable batteries have two sets.After a day of shooting put in a fresh set into your camera and refresh and charge the other set overnight but take them with you the next day of shooting.Your spare batteries should be stores in plastic containers or equivalent as they can short out on metal objects.
18. So, say I want to charge the 4 empty 2700mAh AA batteries bundled with my charger (you may get different capacity now), it will take at most 2700/525 = 5 hours 9 minutes.  
19. It didn't seem to do much to refresh the batteries I'd been using for the past year, but it does charge relatively fast (about 4 hours, longer if you use the refresh function). 
20. The batteries take a few hours to charge and that's OK.  
21. The super quick charger takes about 12 hours to recharge the batteries.
22. The charger works best with Sony batteries and the process is not that fast (several hours). 
23. Let's say they last 5 hours with your device... once you start notice a decrease to perhaps 4 hours, it's time to press the magic refresh button on the charger, and 'renew' your batteries for one more go! 
24. I put them in a radio last weekend and played it for a few hours and this weekend when I turned it on the cells were almost dead :( The two year old "made in Japan" Sony cells that I still use have lost some capacity, but still perform better than these!

negative sentences : 
1. I am using this batteries in my digital camera and they have plenty of life, the charging time is short (4 hours with 2 batteries), and they have 2700 mah, that is a lot of power for my camera. 
2. they only hold the charge for less than 12 hours, and after 3 months they are not working anymore.the charger is good however working with rayovacs!
3. The batteries that come with this charger are terrible and self-discharge within 24 hours of being fully charged.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : camera, positive Score : 20 and negative Score :-13
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I was also able to charge some lame non-name brand NiMH batteries that came with the Fuji digital camera I received for Christmas.  
2. When I use this in my Canon SX10 camera, I am able to take only 2 to 3 photo shots and it asks to change the batteires. 
3. I use them for my Nikon digital camera which I use when I go out for a trip or site seeing. 
4. It's funny that I had to rush to a nearby 7/11 even with 4 batteries in the camera and 4 spare ones on hand (charged 2 to 3 days before the event).  
5. I used it for camera and i was able to only take a few picture and then battery is dead. 
6. It charges in long time but charges sufficient for my camera and also display and status on CRT is good thing. 
7. I use this charger and batteries with my digitial camera (Olympus SP-510) and am very satisfied with the performance.
8. I'll talk about that later).Something else to keep in mind,I was real bummed when my digital camera only took a couple of sets of pictures before dying on me... after researching to see if it was my camera or my new Sony batteries, I came to realize that the first 3-4 times you use the batteries... they don't FULLY charge. 
9. I'll talk about that later).Something else to keep in mind,I was real bummed when my digital camera only took a couple of sets of pictures before dying on me... after researching to see if it was my camera or my new Sony batteries, I came to realize that the first 3-4 times you use the batteries... they don't FULLY charge. 
10. I used the battery from July 2010 to Dec. 2010 in my Fuji HS10 digital camera, less than 10 times, with sony Charger.The charger is OK, but the batteries is useless after 5 times, it is only less than 20 shot (no flash-shot).It should be up to 300 shots. 
11. I had purchased this Sony Charger almost a year ago for use with my digital camera and after that year of "use" I am still as disappointed as I was after the first week.Pros: The only one I can think if is that Sony really could have made a fantastic product and didn't or chose not to.Cons: The charged batteries only remain charged for maybe two days before going dead. 
12. I bought these along with the Canon Power Shot SX1IS, a really great camera!  
13. They are good for about two days in a digital camera (under 100 pictures).I had the batteries replaced under warranty; the new ones are just as bad. 
14. I only received help, I believe, by called Sony Service and talking with people in other departments; in particular a helpful fellow in Digital Camera Service. 
15. i am using this batteries in my Sony Cybershot Digital camera.it works really good.i like this product.
16. Your devise like a camera will tell you when there discharged to the proper level to recharge.These batterys should be discharged to minimum voltage but not dead.This charger will take 4-5 hours (or more)to discharge (refresh) and charge your batteries.If your on the road and using a camera that uses 4-aa rechargeable batteries have two sets.After a day of shooting put in a fresh set into your camera and refresh and charge the other set overnight but take them with you the next day of shooting.Your spare batteries should be stores in plastic containers or equivalent as they can short out on metal objects.
17. Your devise like a camera will tell you when there discharged to the proper level to recharge.These batterys should be discharged to minimum voltage but not dead.This charger will take 4-5 hours (or more)to discharge (refresh) and charge your batteries.If your on the road and using a camera that uses 4-aa rechargeable batteries have two sets.After a day of shooting put in a fresh set into your camera and refresh and charge the other set overnight but take them with you the next day of shooting.Your spare batteries should be stores in plastic containers or equivalent as they can short out on metal objects.

negative sentences : 
1. I charge them again, install them in the camera and store it for later use.  
2. Every time I go to use my Sony digital camera the batteries are dead.  
3. The voltage level drops so rapidly and the batteries are unusable after 2 to 3 days for digital camera.  
4. Three completely charged batteries are pretty worthless when the camera needs 4 fully powered batteries to take your photos.  
5. Takes much less room in my camera case then the one that came with my Sony camera.  
6. If I put freshly charged batteries in my camera, I can take a good number of pictures, but if I leave the batteries idle for any length of time, say a week, they're dead the next time I want to use them.
7. I'm using it for my digital camera batteries about one year. 
8. I won't trash the charger, but the batteries are useless for my camera application.
9. Have never gone to use a camera and found a dead battery, and some sit for quite a while. 
10. That appeared to be happening with my batteries because they would run down after only a short time in my digital camera.  
11. I don't easily give 1-star ratings, and I'm surprising myself by doing this for a Sony product...I bought this combo for our excellent Canon SX-10IS camera at work, thinking at that price and with the Sony name you probably can't go wrong...On the upside, for roughly 30 bucks usually you don't get a set of brand-name batteries, and a charger with single-slot control (all the cheaper chargers only charge 2 cells at a time, so they'll overcharge or undercharge if you give them mismatched batteries), and microcontroller (the cheap chargers will only shut off with a timer boiling your batteries if they're full before the timer runs out).Anyway, the batteries stink in that two of them give me only about half their nominal capacity.And the charger stinks in that inevitably, if you just leave the batteries in, after a while one of the slots' LCD starts flashing fast indicating a defective cell. 
12. I am using this batteries in my digital camera and they have plenty of life, the charging time is short (4 hours with 2 batteries), and they have 2700 mah, that is a lot of power for my camera. 
13. I use the batteries for my digital camera (Canon Powershot S2 IS). 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : product, positive Score : 53 and negative Score :-14
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. We have been happy with this product. 
2. A nice product with good battery life and features, but I think the LCD monitor/display functions were over-hyped in the product description - made it seem more clever than it is and by implication what one should select over the simpler model.  
3. A nice product with good battery life and features, but I think the LCD monitor/display functions were over-hyped in the product description - made it seem more clever than it is and by implication what one should select over the simpler model.  
4. Good product.
5. Only one problem if you are in a rush to use your product buy a set of regular batteries too. these dont come charged.It has been five years; i am now on my second set of batteries and the charger has survuved five years. very good for a charger.
6. This product is very convenient, fast and efficient.I'm loving it, especially with the presentation of each battery charge.
7. Great product. 
8. Nice product. received delivery on time.product in good packed condition.Overall good product.
9. Nice product. received delivery on time.product in good packed condition.Overall good product.
10. Very good product.  
11. I am so happy with this product - both the charger and the 4 batteries are great value at a great price with a speedy delivery! 
12. Figured I'd spend the money on this, since sony is usually a good product.... i don't know.
13. I also have BC-900 charger but prefer the Sony with single button for "refresh".Again: a great product. 
14. This is an excellent product.The refresh option is really good.Though there are other chargers avilable at a cheaper price we can rely on this for quality and standard...
15. You can never ask for more from this product. 2700maH. 
16. Great going Sony you have a great product.
17. Nice product. 
18. So far I am very pleased with this product. 
19. Also charger is light weighted and attractive but I faced one problem after traveling, the chargeable cells discharges after check in scan at airport and I was unable to use the chargeable cells after traveling but for ground travel its good product to buy.
20. Nice product. received delivery on time.product in good packed condition.Overall good product.
21. The only problem with this product is it is taking a longer time to fully charge the batteries. 
22. Product is not excelent but good. 
23. I read the positive comments and reviews of this product and took a bold step to buy this latest Product. 
24. I read the positive comments and reviews of this product and took a bold step to buy this latest Product. 
25. Nice product to put money on.
26. I received it all the way from Miami to Colombia, and I'm happy with the product, it notify me the amount of charge of each battery, also and it's very important the "Refresh"m function, it really works, cleaning and helping the long life to the batteries.
27. The charger has three features that make it a great product. 
28. super quick charger can take 320 mins to charge four batteries. very dissapointed with product. avoid it
29. You can typically find this deal all over Amazon if you look, just type in "sony battery charger" and you'll find 4 or 5 different versions of what is essentially the same product in slightly different (if at all) casing. 
30. Buying this product was the best thing I did in a long time. 
31. I had purchased this Sony Charger almost a year ago for use with my digital camera and after that year of "use" I am still as disappointed as I was after the first week.Pros: The only one I can think if is that Sony really could have made a fantastic product and didn't or chose not to.Cons: The charged batteries only remain charged for maybe two days before going dead. 
32. Doesn't the normal star rating for a product offer one's opinion on the overall 'lousy-ness' albeit in reverse fashion?
33. This product seems far superior to the Everready battery charger which came with my first set of rechargeable batteries and then failed after a few recharges. 
34. This product is very good with great price. 
35. i am using this batteries in my Sony Cybershot Digital camera.it works really good.i like this product.
36. Two days later I received a full replacement product from Sony Corporate out of New Jersey.Battery service? 
37. However, I cannot recommend this product for the current price of $50. 
38. Good product for the price.
39. The place where it meets the body of the product is a little bit too weak for my taste, but I would not change my rating. 
40. I bough it right here off of Amazon.Over one year later (June 21, 2008): I still use this product at least once a month. 
41. This is supposed to help the life of certain types of batteries but I have not seen much difference in my Ni-MH batteries (but I think that they are not supposed to be affected anyways).So overall: great product, great price. 

negative sentences : 
1. I bought these after seeing many good reviews for this product. 
2. Would definitely go in for the same product if, I hope not or at least for a little longer, this charger fails. 
3. I am giving this product a 1-star rating because of such a major quality issue with batteries which I believe is unacceptable from a famous brand like Sony.April 2011 Edit:================As suggested by another Amazon reviewer, I sent an email to Sony support explaining my situation with bad batteries, model and order information. 
4. This is not a premium quality product, definitely not worth the Sony name.
5. In 2 years they have either not figured out the problem with their battery technology or haven't tried and are unloading a poor product. 
6. I highly recommend this product, I don't why some people are giving this product a bad rap.
7. My other charger (Trisonic brand) is dumber than Sony (I guess;) charger and keeps charging without recognizing wheather the rechargable battery I bought are quality or cheap brands.This product got my 4 stars only because I recently (July 2009) got this product and I do not know how long this charger (or the batteries that came with it) is going to last.
8. Other wise this an excelent product. 
9. Really frustrated and disappointed of this product.
10. The best part i like abt this product is batteries, they are 2700 mAh, once charged the batteries last for > 1.5 days and abt 200 pictures. other features such as LCD screen and refresh functions are great.The down sides are, no car carger available for this product and it takes 3.5-4 hrs to completely charge 2-4 batteries.
11. I don't know if I bought a fake product. 
12. May be it is just only me who received a bad product. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : time, positive Score : 70 and negative Score :-21
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The batteries last a long time when using it in my camera flash. 
2. Charging time is fairly quick unless the batteries are fully discharged in which case they need to be topped off for a full charge (let them cool and place them back in the charger one more time).  
3. Charging time is fairly quick unless the batteries are fully discharged in which case they need to be topped off for a full charge (let them cool and place them back in the charger one more time).  
4. It carries a reputable brand name, so it is likely to last a long time without surprises. 
5. It is too bad that I also purchased a pack of 4 Sony 2500maH at the same time and they turn out to be the same.  
6. The Sony kit uses a smart charger that senses how much charge is left in the batteries and only charges them to full, leading to a longer battery life over time.  
7. If you are trying to get a good quality charger, then Sony BCG-34HRMF4 is made for you.Pros:1] Looks Good2] Battery Indicator.3] Can charge single battery/cell at a time.4] Auto power cut off5] Also works with 240V in Europe.6] Sleek and light wiegth7] Refresh button - works really good to get ur battery life/power back.Cons:1] Its fast but not that fast. 
8. It takes about 5 hrs to charge and an additional 3-4hrs to erase memory (drain to zero and begin charging)- both depend on the battery capacity, if the capacity is lower say 2000 mAH then lesser time taken. 
9. At the same time, however, I ordered a pack of 4 AAA batteries, also by Sony, and have been using those same batteries with this charger ever since to power a Sansa m240 MP3 player. 
10. If you're hoping to leave this charger fixed to the wall outlet all the time, no such luck!
11. Takes long time to charge. 
12. It charges in long time but charges sufficient for my camera and also display and status on CRT is good thing. 
13. Item arrived on time in great condition. 
14. The lifetime of the batteries is phenomenal, more than double and alkaline battery life.I especially liked the "Refresh" feature which completely discharges then recharges, extending the life of batteries.The slow recharge time can be inconvenient, but I make up for this by having a few additional batteries on hand.However, after about 10 months of intermittent use, the left two compartments seem to stop charging.  
15. Don't have to worry about remembering to unplug at certain time like MOST timer based chargers.  
16. Just seems a weird coincidence to see this message after using this charger for the first time.
17. Sony BCG-34HRMD4 (mind you, it is NOT 'Super Quick')Pro:Sony BCG-34HRMD4 has LCD readout of progress/failure for each oneIMHO, I'd say that (unless you are forever in a mad rush) the LCDscreen (which indicates each battery's status) outweighs AA & AAANiMH chargers made by Rayovac or Energizer (although 15 minutes).Con:The two other brands (which are comparable for results) charge in15 minutes (stated claim; you argue with them, not me).These two brands are- Rayovac 15-Minute (IC3 technology) (there's one w/ car adapter)(you can get spotty/bad info by doing a Search for B0000A1OFY )- Energizer 15-Minute chargers and batteries (Search B0000DIIAS )(note well that the Energizer people make/sell three different AAbatteries that are rechargeable NiMH; they have different limits.Check and double-check (by walking into the physical store if youhave time and mobility) the different grades of AA batteries. 
18. I really like the fact that you can refresh the batteries before charging them ,,, that way you can make sure that your batteries are getting a full charge eb=very time.. 
19. Also, the batteries that are provided last a long time once charged fully. 
20. These batteries last a really long time.  
21. And they seem to power my devices for less time than alkaline (non disposable) batteries as well.If I knew what brand to get instead, I would throw these away and buy them. 
22. The charger takes a very long time to charge batteries (theSanyo Eneloop AA/AAA 4 Position Charger And 4 Rechargeable AA Batteries With Eneloop Rechargeable AA Battery 4 Packdoesn't take that long & the eneloop batteries hold a charge very well). 
23. Because I thought they were useful and didnt hold the charge for more than 40-50 clicks in my Canon S1.Some users have concerns about its charging time, but then it took only 3-4 hrs for charging and you dont need to recharge for a long time. 
24. It takes a long time to get charged though. 
25. I don't think it would be a good idea to charge AA and AAA batteries at the same time (i.e. in parallel) even though it might seem like a quick way to charge those two kinds of batteries.As far as charging speed goes, this charger does a decent job at 4 hours. 
26. Let's say they last 5 hours with your device... once you start notice a decrease to perhaps 4 hours, it's time to press the magic refresh button on the charger, and 'renew' your batteries for one more go! 
27. I'm having a good time just staring at this thing. 
28. It recharges it quickly and the battery lasts for longer time. 
29. It takes a couple hours for these batteries to charge, so my spare set of batteries ends up sitting around in a drawer for a long time while I am trying to drain the juice in the batteries in my camera.
30. The only option is a ~6ft cord that plugs into the wall from the charger.Charging time wasn't really relevant to me.  
31. The charger is pretty good in appearance and LCD to show the statue of charging, but the charger time is a little bit long.
32. Looks great, easy to load, operate and charges batteries within a reasonable time.  
33. Charger arrived on time and in good shape.  
34. My Canon S2 IS takes 4 AA batteries to do some clicking and best way I could save time and money on buying batteries was to invest one time in Sony's coolest battery charger.LCD indicator is good. 
35. My Canon S2 IS takes 4 AA batteries to do some clicking and best way I could save time and money on buying batteries was to invest one time in Sony's coolest battery charger.LCD indicator is good. 
36. Buying this product was the best thing I did in a long time. 
37. Ok, its quality seems good, but it takes very long time.Also, the power cable is not very handy. 
38. I am very disappointed with the charging time, which is around 5 hours for 4 2700mAH batteries.I was looking for a quick charger which charges the batteries around 3 hours. 
39. The only problem with this product is it is taking a longer time to fully charge the batteries. 
40. Nice product. received delivery on time.product in good packed condition.Overall good product.
41. Actual performance comparison data (charging time, battery life, etc) for their several charges would be nice.  
42. The first time I used the batteries, it is about 350 shots without much flash-shots.Then, I tried refresh function of sony charger, but it doesn't work.I'm very disappointed.It is waste of money on sony batteries.
43. shows real time charge status and goes off once charged. no threat of over charging..i strongly recommend it...
44. Charging time is good, but the shelf life of the batteries leaves something to be desired.  
45. The charger is incredibly slow, only usable for overnight charging, and the batteries won't hold a charge for any decent length of time.  
46. No idea if you max charging though (e.g. charge AAx2 and AAAx2 at the same time)
47. Helps batteries last a long LONG time. 
48. Charging takes a long time, but thats a good thing! 
49. Charges in a decent amount of time and the batteries holds a charge for good amount of time.  
50. Charges in a decent amount of time and the batteries holds a charge for good amount of time.  
51. Most inexpensive chargers use a very high rate of charge that over heat your batteries and shorten there life.Fast chargers are not good for your batteies.This charger charges at a safe rate and your batteries always get just warm.Sony gives you a set(4)of 2700 mah capacity batterys that is the highest capacity at this time and great for power hungry electronics.The BCG-34hrmf4 is differant than most fast chargers in that each cell has a seperate charge curcuit and a cell discharger called a "refresh" (button).Use the refresh button to fully discharge half used batteries before charging also,use the button every second or third time discharged batteries are charged. 
52. Most inexpensive chargers use a very high rate of charge that over heat your batteries and shorten there life.Fast chargers are not good for your batteies.This charger charges at a safe rate and your batteries always get just warm.Sony gives you a set(4)of 2700 mah capacity batterys that is the highest capacity at this time and great for power hungry electronics.The BCG-34hrmf4 is differant than most fast chargers in that each cell has a seperate charge curcuit and a cell discharger called a "refresh" (button).Use the refresh button to fully discharge half used batteries before charging also,use the button every second or third time discharged batteries are charged. 

negative sentences : 
1. If I put freshly charged batteries in my camera, I can take a good number of pictures, but if I leave the batteries idle for any length of time, say a week, they're dead the next time I want to use them.
2. If I put freshly charged batteries in my camera, I can take a good number of pictures, but if I leave the batteries idle for any length of time, say a week, they're dead the next time I want to use them.
3. She uses this all the time with other batteries I bought for her. 
4. This is no where near super quick.The only reason I wanted a third charger was because the time it takes to charge the batteries.The description here mentions no word about how long it actually takes to charge, and one of reviewers told me it took about 30 to 60 minutes to charge.I was only to find that it takes 230 minutes to charge the 2300 batteries come with the charger after I bought it, and the actual testing confirmed that number.  230 minutes, that's ~4 hours, which means over night charging, NOT acceptable.The LCD and REFRESH features are nice, but I am not paying $30 for those 2 features.Another thing that bothers me, it has a really long cord, similar to Laptop cords, the cord plugs into the wall and charger, instead of the built-in plug found in most other charges, this would become annoying when travelling.If you don't mind the 4 hour charging time (no where near super quick for May,2005 standards), it is a great charger.
5. This is no where near super quick.The only reason I wanted a third charger was because the time it takes to charge the batteries.The description here mentions no word about how long it actually takes to charge, and one of reviewers told me it took about 30 to 60 minutes to charge.I was only to find that it takes 230 minutes to charge the 2300 batteries come with the charger after I bought it, and the actual testing confirmed that number.  230 minutes, that's ~4 hours, which means over night charging, NOT acceptable.The LCD and REFRESH features are nice, but I am not paying $30 for those 2 features.Another thing that bothers me, it has a really long cord, similar to Laptop cords, the cord plugs into the wall and charger, instead of the built-in plug found in most other charges, this would become annoying when travelling.If you don't mind the 4 hour charging time (no where near super quick for May,2005 standards), it is a great charger.
6. It also depends on the Batteries you are using.2] If started Refreshing, then will take more time [still its good]
7. Its take much time to full charge the batteries...
8. So they don't hold a charge just sitting there for even a short period of time. 
9. Batteries for my computer mouse, digital cameras, tooth brush, and much more are not worth buying all the time. 
10. This Sony charger has an LED graph that shows you a rough percentage of battery charge, which makes it much easier to judge how much time remains.  
11. The bundled 2700mAh AA batteries each time were defective - couldn't hold a charge more than a couple of days.  
12. That appeared to be happening with my batteries because they would run down after only a short time in my digital camera.  
13. However, the SONY 2700 batteries supplied with the charger ARE NO GOOD...They lose their charge in a couple days if not used and only supply a very few shots....I bought POWEREX AA 2700s and they stay fully charged for over a week if not used and last a long time when using them. 
14. takes long time to charge. its not super quick charger at all, as name implies. 
15. I am using this batteries in my digital camera and they have plenty of life, the charging time is short (4 hours with 2 batteries), and they have 2700 mah, that is a lot of power for my camera. 
16. In other words, every time you want to use this, you have to unplug it and plug it back in. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : charge, positive Score : 151 and negative Score :-68
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I would trust bigger battery brand names more than I would sony, to be honest, but I bought this because I had a lot of sony rechargeable batteries.I got this Battery Charger as a replacement for the one that was lost/thrown away by accident (by my neices/nephews) figuring the LCD display would be a nice feature to have so that I could tell when my batteries were gonna be charged.Well, the first charge took about 8 hours. 
2. , consider that it was the first charge, and the first charge for any charger/batteries is going to take a while. 
3. , consider that it was the first charge, and the first charge for any charger/batteries is going to take a while. 
4. super quick charger can take 320 mins to charge four batteries. very dissapointed with product. avoid it
5. I was also able to charge some lame non-name brand NiMH batteries that came with the Fuji digital camera I received for Christmas.  
6. I have heard of batteries losing their charge in electronic equipment even if that equipment is off(that is why I don't keep in in equipment), but not when it is just in a plastic case.Also, the screen that registers how full the batteries are I don't think is accurate.  
7. Features like individual battery charge level display and automatic charging cut-off on reaching maximum are useful. 
8. Charge up overnight and they last for about 3 weeks or longer.  
9. Not all batteries charge at the same rate, but this unit compensates for that. 
10. Lenmar is just a cheaply made battery in my opinion.This charger is great in that it has the nice LCD display which shows how much charge is currently in each battery.  
11. It takes a little bit for the initial charge, but the batteries last really long once they are charged and don't take too long to recharge. 
12. Fast charge and long battery life. 
13. The display is very nice as is the ability to charge individual batteries instead of having to do it in a pair.  
14. The 900 mAH hold such a small charge that they are almost worthless.
15. The charger is very good, but the problem is that the batteries do not retain their charge if kept idle. can someone help me to get a longer life for the charged battery.Vishu Kashyap, San Jose
16. It takes a couple hours for these batteries to charge, so my spare set of batteries ends up sitting around in a drawer for a long time while I am trying to drain the juice in the batteries in my camera.
17. It may not be superquick but its ability to charge, and the convenience of its monitoring unit for each battery in the charge process makes the Sony charger exceptional. 
18. After a full charge, they self-drain in less than a week. 
19. I was able to check what batteries were bad and recover the full charge in batteries that had some "memory" effect. 
20. The lcd display shows the charging (or discharging) status and you have a nice idea of how long it will take to charge the batteries. 
21. At full charge, these batteries fail after 5-10 photos in my Canon A710IS camera. 
22. Each battery will come to full charge and stop charging. 
23. This can be used universally and thus makes it very handy.The design is beautiful and it can charge 4 batteries at one time. 
24. the charger works geeat here in the states as well as overseas---it was a great buy--- allowing you to see the battery charge amount made it worth the price--
25. The only problem with this product is it is taking a longer time to fully charge the batteries. 
26. Most inexpensive chargers use a very high rate of charge that over heat your batteries and shorten there life.Fast chargers are not good for your batteies.This charger charges at a safe rate and your batteries always get just warm.Sony gives you a set(4)of 2700 mah capacity batterys that is the highest capacity at this time and great for power hungry electronics.The BCG-34hrmf4 is differant than most fast chargers in that each cell has a seperate charge curcuit and a cell discharger called a "refresh" (button).Use the refresh button to fully discharge half used batteries before charging also,use the button every second or third time discharged batteries are charged. 
27. Most inexpensive chargers use a very high rate of charge that over heat your batteries and shorten there life.Fast chargers are not good for your batteies.This charger charges at a safe rate and your batteries always get just warm.Sony gives you a set(4)of 2700 mah capacity batterys that is the highest capacity at this time and great for power hungry electronics.The BCG-34hrmf4 is differant than most fast chargers in that each cell has a seperate charge curcuit and a cell discharger called a "refresh" (button).Use the refresh button to fully discharge half used batteries before charging also,use the button every second or third time discharged batteries are charged. 
28. Your devise like a camera will tell you when there discharged to the proper level to recharge.These batterys should be discharged to minimum voltage but not dead.This charger will take 4-5 hours (or more)to discharge (refresh) and charge your batteries.If your on the road and using a camera that uses 4-aa rechargeable batteries have two sets.After a day of shooting put in a fresh set into your camera and refresh and charge the other set overnight but take them with you the next day of shooting.Your spare batteries should be stores in plastic containers or equivalent as they can short out on metal objects.
29. Your devise like a camera will tell you when there discharged to the proper level to recharge.These batterys should be discharged to minimum voltage but not dead.This charger will take 4-5 hours (or more)to discharge (refresh) and charge your batteries.If your on the road and using a camera that uses 4-aa rechargeable batteries have two sets.After a day of shooting put in a fresh set into your camera and refresh and charge the other set overnight but take them with you the next day of shooting.Your spare batteries should be stores in plastic containers or equivalent as they can short out on metal objects.
30. Charges in a decent amount of time and the batteries holds a charge for good amount of time.  
31. They hold a charge for a few days and then are dead ... not weak ..DEAD. 
32. Sony should be replacing these free of charge to all who have them.
33. Batteries drop the charge after a few days regardless of use.  
34. Good to charge AA and AAA batteries. 
35. So, say I want to charge the 4 empty 2700mAh AA batteries bundled with my charger (you may get different capacity now), it will take at most 2700/525 = 5 hours 9 minutes.  
36. No idea if you max charging though (e.g. charge AAx2 and AAAx2 at the same time)
37. One note, the first charge only lasted 30 min or so, but after that, I have taken 300 some photos on the next charge.
38. One note, the first charge only lasted 30 min or so, but after that, I have taken 300 some photos on the next charge.
39. It didn't seem to do much to refresh the batteries I'd been using for the past year, but it does charge relatively fast (about 4 hours, longer if you use the refresh function). 
40. The charger is incredibly slow, only usable for overnight charging, and the batteries won't hold a charge for any decent length of time.  
41. The little chargers light goes out and quits charging when they have completed the full charge.  
42. The 4 batteries that came with the charger would not hold a charge more than a few short days. 
43. Also I find it very slow to charge the batteries. 
44. The batteries take a few hours to charge and that's OK.  
45. The battery charge lasts very long and the only problem I found is that the cable is a little hassle to carry around. 
46. I have some generic recharghables that sit on the shelf after charging for up to six weeks and when putting those in the unit it shows a full charge. 
47. shows real time charge status and goes off once charged. no threat of over charging..i strongly recommend it...
48. It works properly, it is easy to use and charge the batteries so fast
49. The individual displays showing charge condition of the separate batteries provides all needed info.
50. I like this charger for its Refresh (restores lost capacity of old rechargable battery) and Automatic Charge Cut-Off (shuts off itself upon charge completion and LCD display stops flashing) functions.  
51. It charges only high quality battries regardless of how old the battery is or how many times it was charged before but it does not charge cheap low quality Ni-MH batteries.  
52. Almost threw some batteries away because they wouldn't hold a charge,now they are as good as new because of the refreshing aspect. 
53. Also, these batteries hold the charge for a few months, even if you don't use them at all, that is awesome. 
54. So give it some time before you peak out your batteries which would be around the 5th full charge.Once peaked, check to see how long they typically last with normal use on the device you are using it with. 
55. I 'refreshed' all of the Energizer batteries that we have and noticed now they seem to last longer on a single charge. 
56. The other three do not charge well. 
57. The LCD Indicator very hepful. the charge takes some time but i doesnt matter,  definally i recomend it... thanks amazon
58. About 1/3 of my batteries will no longer charge and having to use the dumb charger is more of a pain. 
59. To be able to see the status of each battery is great and the charge times are quite quick. 
60. I'm very happy with this Battery Charger, It's very faster to charge batteries and indicate me all the information that I must to know in the proccess, is the better Battery Charger that I have seen.
61. Takes long time to charge. 
62. Neat device, charges both 4x AA and 4x AAA, quality built, led indicator is a plus, tells you the ongoing status, 5-hour full charge cycle, 2700mAh batteries, what more can I ask for.  
63. I keep it next to my computer to charge AA batteries for my bluetooth keyboard and mouse, and the batteries last approximately 1.5 days before they need another charge.  
64. One thing I think is a bit misleading is the "SUPER QUICK CHARGER" claim - the thing takes several hours to charge (longer to "refresh") which does not mean "Super Quick" to me. 
65. You can charge individual batteries, in case you have something that requires 3 or 1 which is really usefull. 
66. I have a Nikon Coolpix P50 and I took and reviewed almost 1000 photos and a video with a single pair of batteries and only use the second one when I needed to copy the photos to the computer.The feature of that display with the exact charge of each battery is wonderful, used it even to measure some already charged batteries.
67. Have taken more than 500 pics on single charge with my S2 IS. 
68. This charger saved me the hassle of having to throw away and replace some Sony rechargables that were no longer holding a charge for this same reason.  
69. They do not hold a charge very well.Took 2 heavy duty batteries in a comparison test and I found that they lasted longer than my Sony batteries (fully charged). 
70. The reasons I give it 5 stars are as follows:The batteries supplied are 2700 mAH, which is probably the highest rating (haven't seen any higher rated AA batteries) - this means longer life per charge.The Memory Refresh function is an absolute must. 
71. The memory function allows you to drain the balance 25% before a full 100% charge, giving you 100% capacity utilization. 
72. It takes about 5 hrs to charge and an additional 3-4hrs to erase memory (drain to zero and begin charging)- both depend on the battery capacity, if the capacity is lower say 2000 mAH then lesser time taken. 
73. The battery life is superb and the charge status indicator is also really good...
74. I like the individual charge levels.  
75. If you are trying to get a good quality charger, then Sony BCG-34HRMF4 is made for you.Pros:1] Looks Good2] Battery Indicator.3] Can charge single battery/cell at a time.4] Auto power cut off5] Also works with 240V in Europe.6] Sleek and light wiegth7] Refresh button - works really good to get ur battery life/power back.Cons:1] Its fast but not that fast. 
76. The Sony kit uses a smart charger that senses how much charge is left in the batteries and only charges them to full, leading to a longer battery life over time.  
77. You don't have to keep watching, it cuts off when the charge is complete.
78. Little use since that initial use/charge.Recently things have not been so good.  
79. This is not the fastest but I like being able to charge 1,2,3 or 4 batteries not just 2 or 4. 
80. I figured that the 8-hour charge can't be too healthy for them so I decided to look for a better charger with automatic detection and adjustment of the charging times for each individual battery.I considered several good automatic chargers that treat each battery individually. 
81. Charging time is fairly quick unless the batteries are fully discharged in which case they need to be topped off for a full charge (let them cool and place them back in the charger one more time).  
82. Don't hold a charge and are only good for an environmentally friendly circular file. 
83. I don't think it would be a good idea to charge AA and AAA batteries at the same time (i.e. in parallel) even though it might seem like a quick way to charge those two kinds of batteries.As far as charging speed goes, this charger does a decent job at 4 hours. 
84. I don't think it would be a good idea to charge AA and AAA batteries at the same time (i.e. in parallel) even though it might seem like a quick way to charge those two kinds of batteries.As far as charging speed goes, this charger does a decent job at 4 hours. 
85. This is the best battery charger out there and the batteries are really powerful and holds a charge well. 4 years and going.
86. This charger shows the current charge level of the battery.So you can know, when they are fully charged and at times, when you want to take batteries in between, you know how much charge they currently hold (for eg, 50% charged, 25% remaining etc).It can be used in various geographies of the world bcoz it works 100 to 240v.Looks are amazing! 
87. This charger shows the current charge level of the battery.So you can know, when they are fully charged and at times, when you want to take batteries in between, you know how much charge they currently hold (for eg, 50% charged, 25% remaining etc).It can be used in various geographies of the world bcoz it works 100 to 240v.Looks are amazing! 
88. If you're patient, this battery charger will make old rechargeables you thought were useless hold a charge again (Refresh Mode).  
89. It fits perfectly for using with my lumix DMC-LZ7, because of the convenience of the refresh button, and the not-so-quick, but long-lasting charge with the 2700mAh batts, supporting 300+ shoots with my cam, known to be a bit hungry.2 hours for a full charge of a pair of batts, and 4 hours for 4 batts, it's OK for me... 
90. It fits perfectly for using with my lumix DMC-LZ7, because of the convenience of the refresh button, and the not-so-quick, but long-lasting charge with the 2700mAh batts, supporting 300+ shoots with my cam, known to be a bit hungry.2 hours for a full charge of a pair of batts, and 4 hours for 4 batts, it's OK for me... 
91. Because I thought they were useful and didnt hold the charge for more than 40-50 clicks in my Canon S1.Some users have concerns about its charging time, but then it took only 3-4 hrs for charging and you dont need to recharge for a long time. 
92. The charger takes a very long time to charge batteries (theSanyo Eneloop AA/AAA 4 Position Charger And 4 Rechargeable AA Batteries With Eneloop Rechargeable AA Battery 4 Packdoesn't take that long & the eneloop batteries hold a charge very well). 
93. After a full charge, even a full refresh/charge, if I leave them in the drawer for 2 days they will run out of power and I need to charge them again. 
94. After a full charge, even a full refresh/charge, if I leave them in the drawer for 2 days they will run out of power and I need to charge them again. 
95. The charger itself is very good, no complaints - it shows charge progress, able to charge anywhere between 1 and 4 batteries at once.However, like many other people, I did experience an issue with this particular set of included Sony batteries - NiMH 2700 mAh CycleEnergy. 
96. The charger itself is very good, no complaints - it shows charge progress, able to charge anywhere between 1 and 4 batteries at once.However, like many other people, I did experience an issue with this particular set of included Sony batteries - NiMH 2700 mAh CycleEnergy. 
97. I really like this little charger and its features, but it takes forever to charge in the normal mode. 
98. I only wish they had made the lcd screen a little better, showing the actual amount of charge in a partially used cell. 
99. Perhaps charging at such a rate allows for a more complete charge.  
100. The low self-discharge types are usually lower capacity, but can hold a full charge for up to a year.
101. (Refresh is optional: you don't have to use it if you don't want to.)(2) The visual display, showing the amount of charge.(3) Four independent recharging circuits, one for each battery.(4) Power supply built into the charger, no "wall wart
102. I really like the fact that you can refresh the batteries before charging them ,,, that way you can make sure that your batteries are getting a full charge eb=very time.. 
103. Sony BCG-34HRMD4 (mind you, it is NOT 'Super Quick')Pro:Sony BCG-34HRMD4 has LCD readout of progress/failure for each oneIMHO, I'd say that (unless you are forever in a mad rush) the LCDscreen (which indicates each battery's status) outweighs AA & AAANiMH chargers made by Rayovac or Energizer (although 15 minutes).Con:The two other brands (which are comparable for results) charge in15 minutes (stated claim; you argue with them, not me).These two brands are- Rayovac 15-Minute (IC3 technology) (there's one w/ car adapter)(you can get spotty/bad info by doing a Search for B0000A1OFY )- Energizer 15-Minute chargers and batteries (Search B0000DIIAS )(note well that the Energizer people make/sell three different AAbatteries that are rechargeable NiMH; they have different limits.Check and double-check (by walking into the physical store if youhave time and mobility) the different grades of AA batteries. 
104. However, this one has visual charge level indicator per battery, accepts AA size battery, accepts AAA sized battery and conceals batteries in an internal compartment. 
105. Though it takes >4 hours to charge 4 AA batteries.I like its "refresh" function which allows to renew batteries' capacity.The batteries that came with it are not good: they last for about 4-5 days in my bluetooth mouse after a full charge. 
106. I really like the battery charger because it shows how full the charge is for each battery.  
107. I will recommend start using the batteries right away to take advantage of the full charge.  
108. The tricky thing with the Sony charger is that I can (need to) remove the batteries from the charger after it is indicated as "fully charged", wait about 5 seconds, and put it back in for another recharge to be able to fully charge it.  
109. That being said, the really nice feature of this charger is the refresh cycle that takes your old rechargables to zero and then automatically brings them up to a like new charge state. 
110. I restored several of my older batteries that would no longer reach a full charge & it did a great job on them.Summary: Not fast, great at rejuvenating your old rechargables
111. Four separate channels, will charge even ONE cell at a time.  
112. They also lose their charge after a few days if they are simply waiting in my desk drawer. 

negative sentences : 
1. I don't easily give 1-star ratings, and I'm surprising myself by doing this for a Sony product...I bought this combo for our excellent Canon SX-10IS camera at work, thinking at that price and with the Sony name you probably can't go wrong...On the upside, for roughly 30 bucks usually you don't get a set of brand-name batteries, and a charger with single-slot control (all the cheaper chargers only charge 2 cells at a time, so they'll overcharge or undercharge if you give them mismatched batteries), and microcontroller (the cheap chargers will only shut off with a timer boiling your batteries if they're full before the timer runs out).Anyway, the batteries stink in that two of them give me only about half their nominal capacity.And the charger stinks in that inevitably, if you just leave the batteries in, after a while one of the slots' LCD starts flashing fast indicating a defective cell. 
2. However, the Sony batteries included are almost useless because they lose their charge in a few days.  
3. And as many people say, it is not the fastest charger out there, but I've found it fairly reliable compared to some of the other faster chargers I've owned in the past.One of the most interesting aspects of this charger, and many slow chargers, is that it actually has the ability to charge some alkaline batteries that are on the market.  
4. this was useless for me...it seems to be working but the batteries dont last more that 4-5 photos in my Canon...I used the original batteries...I also tried the batteries with other chargers, still terrible...they dont keep the charge for more than a 2-3 days also...stay away from this product...
5. The best part i like abt this product is batteries, they are 2700 mAh, once charged the batteries last for > 1.5 days and abt 200 pictures. other features such as LCD screen and refresh functions are great.The down sides are, no car carger available for this product and it takes 3.5-4 hrs to completely charge 2-4 batteries.
6. they only hold the charge for less than 12 hours, and after 3 months they are not working anymore.the charger is good however working with rayovacs!
7. Two months after I bought them, the charge lasts for less than two days if you don't use them. 
8. In other words, if I fully charge the batteries and I try to use them two days after, I will have to charge them again. 
9. takes long time to charge. its not super quick charger at all, as name implies. 
10. However, the SONY 2700 batteries supplied with the charger ARE NO GOOD...They lose their charge in a couple days if not used and only supply a very few shots....I bought POWEREX AA 2700s and they stay fully charged for over a week if not used and last a long time when using them. 
11. I think if batteries don't get worked hard enough, they no longer take a full charge.  
12. Supplied batteries charge amount is good, but it could not store power for more than a week. 
13. The length of the charge also depends on how many mah the batteries are.  
14. The batteries rate a 1 they are lousy  wont hold a charge more than a day or two (in the case) in electronics they are even worse. 
15. The bundled 2700mAh AA batteries each time were defective - couldn't hold a charge more than a couple of days.  
16. This Sony charger has an LED graph that shows you a rough percentage of battery charge, which makes it much easier to judge how much time remains.  
17. It is not one of those super fast chargers that wipe out your batteries, but it does not take too long to charge them either. 
18. So the total number of recharges with the included 4 batteries were around 78, give or take.Amazon is currently selling 20 one-time charge batteries for around $10. 
19. If I were to buy 4 packs of 20 one-time charge batteries, it would cost $40 for 80 batteries, and so I essentially saved $10 as I bought this product for $30.CONCLUSIONFor the 2009 price, I give this product 4 stars; knocking 1 star off for the low number of charges on each battery. 
20. Batteries are completely dead, four days after complete charge. 
21. It has 4 independent intelligent charging circuits, so you can charge 1-4 batteries in different states of charge. 
22. It has 4 independent intelligent charging circuits, so you can charge 1-4 batteries in different states of charge. 
23. I don't know if I have defective batteries (all four) or if the charger is not providing a full charge even though the indicator shows it to be fully charged.I expected better from Sony than this.
24. Its take much time to full charge the batteries...
25. The best thing I like besides the worry free charging with no over charge , is the small size and NO CORD to pack in your camera case if thats where you want to carry it. 
26. So far I'm not able to charge the batteries that came with it. 
27. Detected 2 bad AAA that an old charger never detected.Cons:Batteries come out a little hot.Not as hot compared to old charger.Heat is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries.Batteries that it came with had less than .9 volts measured with volt meter.Anything less than .9 volts is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries and isprobably the cause of high self discharge/inability to hold charge for longer periods.
28. Besides the four batteries coming with it, I also used it to charge other NiMh batteries I have. 
29. I have tried to charge different brands of rechargable battery with this charger using its Refresh function.  
30. The batteries don't hold a charge if not in regular use so when I go to get my camera after not using it for awhile, the batteries are dead.  
31. I have been using energizer batteries and charger, these hold a charge much longer and have more capacity. 
32. I read the Amazon reviews and hoped my batteries would be the exception but as others had warned the batteries are unable to hold their charge for more than a day or two. 
33. The charger, otherwise seemed to charge most of my batteries.  
34. Then I have to take pairs of the "bad" batteries and charge them in the old non-smart charger.  
35. My favorite thing about it is that it indicates which batteries are no longer able to hold a charge.  
36. All my other chargers go through the charging cycle even for dead batteries - and they charge in pairs - meaning that if you charge a dead one and a good battery together, you don't realize it.  
37. All my other chargers go through the charging cycle even for dead batteries - and they charge in pairs - meaning that if you charge a dead one and a good battery together, you don't realize it.  
38. Takes more than 1 hr to charge well.
39. Some of the batteries I just got with the device are already dead after only a few charge cycles.Perhaps I got a dud, but I will stay away from sony chargers in the future.
40. This is no where near super quick.The only reason I wanted a third charger was because the time it takes to charge the batteries.The description here mentions no word about how long it actually takes to charge, and one of reviewers told me it took about 30 to 60 minutes to charge.I was only to find that it takes 230 minutes to charge the 2300 batteries come with the charger after I bought it, and the actual testing confirmed that number.  230 minutes, that's ~4 hours, which means over night charging, NOT acceptable.The LCD and REFRESH features are nice, but I am not paying $30 for those 2 features.Another thing that bothers me, it has a really long cord, similar to Laptop cords, the cord plugs into the wall and charger, instead of the built-in plug found in most other charges, this would become annoying when travelling.If you don't mind the 4 hour charging time (no where near super quick for May,2005 standards), it is a great charger.
41. the cheap sanyo charger can charge the batteries the la cross rejects and the la cross will be able to refresh your batteries, giving them a great boost in capacity and increasing the overall life of the battery.  
42. Refresh and recharge a set of Sony 2500mah with the same charger and they work great(hold charge).Used a non-brand charger for the 2700s; charges fine, but after about 2 days, the batteries are dead again.  
43. My only conclusion is that my unit was shipped with defective Sony 2700s that now can't hold a charge for more than 1 day.  
44. You pop in the batteries, plug it in and whether the batteries wanted it or not they got a full 8-hour charge. 
45. The fast mode may not bring it to full charge, but does provide enough for using the batteries in about an hour.  
46. This one shows how much charge the battery has and keeps recharging it until its full.  
47. After a full recharge, they will lose the charge in just two short days. 
48. Unfortunately the Sony batteries do not hold a charge very well & they lose their charge in a few weeks if not used. 
49. Once the low charge warning is indicated on my devices, I start charging the replacements.The batteries that come with it are high capacity.  
50. On the lighter side, unlike most chargers, it will indeed charge batteries individually, with a mix of AAA and AAs, no need to have two at a time. 
51. The only thing I was disappointed about was the full charge did not hold. 
52. Not as fast as some, but the charge indicator and the ability to run periodic complete discharges are really useful. 
53. No hot battery, and you can charge one/two/three or four batteries at the sametime as you wish. 
54. Beats the hell out of wasting money on Alkalines.So I give it 3 stars I took 1 off for the battery indicator and 1 for the not so quick charge as claimed.

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : battery, positive Score : 112 and negative Score :-43
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. When I put in a battery charged on my old cheap charger, it shows fully charged.  
2. The capability of individual battery charging is great. 
3. You can typically find this deal all over Amazon if you look, just type in "sony battery charger" and you'll find 4 or 5 different versions of what is essentially the same product in slightly different (if at all) casing. 
4. I would trust bigger battery brand names more than I would sony, to be honest, but I bought this because I had a lot of sony rechargeable batteries.I got this Battery Charger as a replacement for the one that was lost/thrown away by accident (by my neices/nephews) figuring the LCD display would be a nice feature to have so that I could tell when my batteries were gonna be charged.Well, the first charge took about 8 hours. 
5. I would trust bigger battery brand names more than I would sony, to be honest, but I bought this because I had a lot of sony rechargeable batteries.I got this Battery Charger as a replacement for the one that was lost/thrown away by accident (by my neices/nephews) figuring the LCD display would be a nice feature to have so that I could tell when my batteries were gonna be charged.Well, the first charge took about 8 hours. 
6. I was charging some batteries once and I was switching the ones that were "full" with ones that need to be charged and I missed one that was done charging and when the charger turned back on it said that that battery was only 2/3 full even tho seconds before it was saying it was full.Overall, for the money, the charger could be alot worse.  
7. This helps to maintain maximum battery life avoiding the "memory effect" which reduces the battery capacity when it is recharged before it is completely discharged. 
8. Second, the display is very helpful to see the battery status, so you have more than a single led like in other chargers. 
9. My Canon S2 IS takes 4 AA batteries to do some clicking and best way I could save time and money on buying batteries was to invest one time in Sony's coolest battery charger.LCD indicator is good. 
10. Features like individual battery charge level display and automatic charging cut-off on reaching maximum are useful. 
11. I started searching for a good but reasonably priced AA battery recharging unit. 
12. Battery charger is very good. 
13. The instructions also say that you can charge from 1 to 4 batteries, which means it has a seperate circuit for each battery.  
14. LCD indicat the rest of battery usages.that's good..thanks.
15. This pack is really good, the price is worthy, it works perfect, don't buy the model without LCD screen, its really worthy the extra money, Make sure to buy additional batteries but 2700mAh too, because the pack offered here include an additional pack of 4 batteries but they are 2500mAhI bought this because I need for my Lego Mindstorms NXT, since the official Lego battery (and charger) cost much, much more.
16. This product seems far superior to the Everready battery charger which came with my first set of rechargeable batteries and then failed after a few recharges. 
17. Fast charge and long battery life. 
18. The 2700mAh battery is great.
19. But if you need 9V or other battery sizes you might consider a different system.All told, I'm very pleased with this unit.  
20. Still the best battery charger I have seen.
21. The charger is very good, but the problem is that the batteries do not retain their charge if kept idle. can someone help me to get a longer life for the charged battery.Vishu Kashyap, San Jose
22. And from my understanding, the charge life will improve with more frequent use.PROS:Battery LifeCharging indicatorRefresh functionCONS:You can't plug the actual charger directly into the wall.  
23. It recharges it quickly and the battery lasts for longer time. 
24. Each battery will come to full charge and stop charging. 
25. the charger works geeat here in the states as well as overseas---it was a great buy--- allowing you to see the battery charge amount made it worth the price--
26. It is not fast, but I think it does a good job and I like the individual battery display. 
27. The individual battery LED is nice.  
28. This is a nice buy for battery killers like digital cameras and the batterys are built very sturdy unlike the cheap stuff. 
29. The battery charge lasts very long and the only problem I found is that the cable is a little hassle to carry around. 
30. The batteries NEVER get fully charged (I have a professional battery tester). 
31. I like this charger for its Refresh (restores lost capacity of old rechargable battery) and Automatic Charge Cut-Off (shuts off itself upon charge completion and LCD display stops flashing) functions.  
32. It charges only high quality battries regardless of how old the battery is or how many times it was charged before but it does not charge cheap low quality Ni-MH batteries.  
33. A nice product with good battery life and features, but I think the LCD monitor/display functions were over-hyped in the product description - made it seem more clever than it is and by implication what one should select over the simpler model.  
34. Actual performance comparison data (charging time, battery life, etc) for their several charges would be nice.  
35. I've been using them on my battery hungry controllers for the 360 and Wii and have done a great job so far. 
36. The charger guarantees you will always have battery power provided you are smart enough to remember to put your used batteries into the unit for a recharge or a refresh!  
37. It is a good thing to always be ready for that next round of golf, the Sony Battery Charger is a real asset.
38. This is a great all-around Ni-MH battery charger. 
39. I have had this charger for over 4 years and it has never let me down.While this charger is more costly than others it also works better than any other charger I have ever used, and I have a drawer full of chargers.The first trip I brought this charger on was to a country that had terrible power and the charger works perfectly while other people in our group had problems.The best thing about this charger is that it uses a power cord like I use on my Laptop which not only elimates blocked outlets but allows me to put the charger on a table top.Features none of my other chargers have that I think makes this charger a rock star:*LCD display that show charging status for each individual battery*Refresh cycle that brings back batteries that I thought were ready for the recycle bin*Uses laptop type power cord without having a wall transformer blocking other outlets*Backlite display so I can see the status in low light*Automatically switches power for use in countries that are not 110 volt power with 60 cyclesThis is the charger I always recommend to my friends and they have all told me they like it as much as I do!!
40. This battery charger is wonderful. 
41. I appreciate the fact that it's still working after all these years, just wish it wasn't quite so picky about battery quality.
42. To be able to see the status of each battery is great and the charge times are quite quick. 
43. I'm very happy with this Battery Charger, It's very faster to charge batteries and indicate me all the information that I must to know in the proccess, is the better Battery Charger that I have seen.
44. I'm very happy with this Battery Charger, It's very faster to charge batteries and indicate me all the information that I must to know in the proccess, is the better Battery Charger that I have seen.
45. Without getting technical if a battery is only used for say an hour and recharged, and this pattern is repeated over and over after a while a battery that has the potential for lasting 2 hours will only ever give you that hour that you have been using it for.
46. If you don't need super fast charging but great battery life, I recommend this unit.
47. This has worked great for me, with each battery lasting 8-10 hours. 
48. I have a Nikon Coolpix P50 and I took and reviewed almost 1000 photos and a video with a single pair of batteries and only use the second one when I needed to copy the photos to the computer.The feature of that display with the exact charge of each battery is wonderful, used it even to measure some already charged batteries.
49. And battery life was also good. 
50. The battery life is superb and the charge status indicator is also really good...
51. I used it for camera and i was able to only take a few picture and then battery is dead. 
52. If you are trying to get a good quality charger, then Sony BCG-34HRMF4 is made for you.Pros:1] Looks Good2] Battery Indicator.3] Can charge single battery/cell at a time.4] Auto power cut off5] Also works with 240V in Europe.6] Sleek and light wiegth7] Refresh button - works really good to get ur battery life/power back.Cons:1] Its fast but not that fast. 
53. If you are trying to get a good quality charger, then Sony BCG-34HRMF4 is made for you.Pros:1] Looks Good2] Battery Indicator.3] Can charge single battery/cell at a time.4] Auto power cut off5] Also works with 240V in Europe.6] Sleek and light wiegth7] Refresh button - works really good to get ur battery life/power back.Cons:1] Its fast but not that fast. 
54. If you are trying to get a good quality charger, then Sony BCG-34HRMF4 is made for you.Pros:1] Looks Good2] Battery Indicator.3] Can charge single battery/cell at a time.4] Auto power cut off5] Also works with 240V in Europe.6] Sleek and light wiegth7] Refresh button - works really good to get ur battery life/power back.Cons:1] Its fast but not that fast. 
55. There are several types of rechargable battery sets out there.  
56. The Sony kit uses a smart charger that senses how much charge is left in the batteries and only charges them to full, leading to a longer battery life over time.  
57. It allows the user to refresh the batteries so that the gauge used to see if the batteries are full is accurate unlike other battery chargers. 
58. I figured that the 8-hour charge can't be too healthy for them so I decided to look for a better charger with automatic detection and adjustment of the charging times for each individual battery.I considered several good automatic chargers that treat each battery individually. 
59. I figured that the 8-hour charge can't be too healthy for them so I decided to look for a better charger with automatic detection and adjustment of the charging times for each individual battery.I considered several good automatic chargers that treat each battery individually. 
60. I know when batteries are finished charging and even if the battery is still usable. 
61. Recently my old battery charger went out and I hated that it didn't tell me wether the battery was actually charged.  
62. The lifetime of the batteries is phenomenal, more than double and alkaline battery life.I especially liked the "Refresh" feature which completely discharges then recharges, extending the life of batteries.The slow recharge time can be inconvenient, but I make up for this by having a few additional batteries on hand.However, after about 10 months of intermittent use, the left two compartments seem to stop charging.  
63. This is the best battery charger out there and the batteries are really powerful and holds a charge well. 4 years and going.
64. This charger shows the current charge level of the battery.So you can know, when they are fully charged and at times, when you want to take batteries in between, you know how much charge they currently hold (for eg, 50% charged, 25% remaining etc).It can be used in various geographies of the world bcoz it works 100 to 240v.Looks are amazing! 
65. If you're patient, this battery charger will make old rechargeables you thought were useless hold a charge again (Refresh Mode).  
66. this is the 1st time i've ever charging the battery. the most i like is the the charger indicator display. and the best of all its has automatic charging itself when charging complete its shuts itself down
67. The little extra cost gets you battery meter, sturdy and slick casing, and a refresh feature that will drain your battery before starting charge.  
68. Of what I saw when I was looking, this is the best charger and battery set on amazon right now. 
69. I am very happy with the purchase of my new sony battery charger, and 2700 mah batteries. 
70. This new technology offers consumers the convenience of a ready-to-use rechargeable battery that is longer lasting and environmentally friendly.Amazon sells the batteries, alone, for $15.If you buy rechargeable batteries for, say, a portable radio and recharge them every few weeks or so, almost any rechargeable battery will do. 
71. This new technology offers consumers the convenience of a ready-to-use rechargeable battery that is longer lasting and environmentally friendly.Amazon sells the batteries, alone, for $15.If you buy rechargeable batteries for, say, a portable radio and recharge them every few weeks or so, almost any rechargeable battery will do. 
72. This is a very good battery recharger. 
73. However, this one has visual charge level indicator per battery, accepts AA size battery, accepts AAA sized battery and conceals batteries in an internal compartment. 
74. For all those having trouble with battery life, try the refresh button after several recharges. 
75. I always used SONY batteries but these fail miserably -- a standard Duracell battery powers my mouse for several months.
76. Really like the LCD display of the charging status of each individual battery. 
77. Battery Chargers have come a long way.  
78. Nice charger and it works fast but I recommend that you use a Maha PowerEx charger to get the best out of Sony Batteries Maha PowerEx MH-C204W4AA27 - Battery charger - battery - rechargeable - AA x 4 - 2700 mAh. 
79. Nice charger and it works fast but I recommend that you use a Maha PowerEx charger to get the best out of Sony Batteries Maha PowerEx MH-C204W4AA27 - Battery charger - battery - rechargeable - AA x 4 - 2700 mAh. 
80. Charged the batteries and loaded my Nikon Coolpix 3100, have taken over 100 photos and still no low battery warning.

negative sentences : 
1. This is not simply an effect of the unit not recognizing a "full" battery.  
2. Not sure if its the battery problem or the charger problem. 
3. Faster is not necessarily better for battery charging.  
4. Have never gone to use a camera and found a dead battery, and some sit for quite a while. 
5. This Sony charger has an LED graph that shows you a rough percentage of battery charge, which makes it much easier to judge how much time remains.  
6. While no other department can see the status of Battery service, much less help, he put in detailed notes of my conversation. 
7. The real problem is that after about 5 days after charging the battery, they are essentially dead.  
8. I charged them and wanted to use them just a couple of days later and the low battery symbol started blinking in my camera almost immediatly. 
9. I think I have to give credit where credit due, I order the charger and the battery and the gc kit last week, not only amazon follow up services are the best i ever got. the shipment deliver right to the door without any hassle, It's better and safer than Ebay 100%.i have not test out the quality of the stuff, friends of mine recommand to me, got to be good, but that has nothing to do with amazon service. keep it up amazon!
10. My only viable option is to try a different brand of battery to see if the same thing happens.
11. If a battery is defective the light will flash instead of constant on when charging, so you know you need to discard a bad battery that way.
12. If a battery is defective the light will flash instead of constant on when charging, so you know you need to discard a bad battery that way.
13. After one week, I went out and purchased a Duracell rechargeable battery pack and I am much more pleased.
14. Similar to other reviewers experience regarding the battery, these sony ones are dead in five days. 
15. I have tried to charge different brands of rechargable battery with this charger using its Refresh function.  
16. I happen to have some cheap quality rechargable Ni-MH battery bought from a seller in China through Ebay and this Sony Charger doesn't charge them but keeps blinking very fast, the owner's manual says the charger keeps blinking fast and does not charge the battery if the the battery is not compatible. 
17. I happen to have some cheap quality rechargable Ni-MH battery bought from a seller in China through Ebay and this Sony Charger doesn't charge them but keeps blinking very fast, the owner's manual says the charger keeps blinking fast and does not charge the battery if the the battery is not compatible. 
18. My other charger (Trisonic brand) is dumber than Sony (I guess;) charger and keeps charging without recognizing wheather the rechargable battery I bought are quality or cheap brands.This product got my 4 stars only because I recently (July 2009) got this product and I do not know how long this charger (or the batteries that came with it) is going to last.
19. What convinced me was after doing so much research I learned there are different battery levels, and the ones included with this charger are the '2500' ones which make it last longer. 
20. Also the front display status of each battery is great. 
21. So, I'd conclude that the battery is NOT compatible with the charger.  
22. If you have a bad battery - the display for that battery flashes rapidly so you know to toss that particular one. 
23. All my other chargers go through the charging cycle even for dead batteries - and they charge in pairs - meaning that if you charge a dead one and a good battery together, you don't realize it.  
24. rfreshing by old battery worked great and the LCD status helps a lot to see if you are not recharging already charged battery and dead battery are in your ocket :)lettle expensive and consumes little more space took one star off.a good buy for me....
25. rfreshing by old battery worked great and the LCD status helps a lot to see if you are not recharging already charged battery and dead battery are in your ocket :)lettle expensive and consumes little more space took one star off.a good buy for me....
26. rfreshing by old battery worked great and the LCD status helps a lot to see if you are not recharging already charged battery and dead battery are in your ocket :)lettle expensive and consumes little more space took one star off.a good buy for me....
27. The discharge feature is a great addition if you have some old batteries that won't recharge efficiently due to battery memory.The top lid however feels a little wonky. 
28. After full recharge if the battery not used for two days then it completely discharged. 
29. the cheap sanyo charger can charge the batteries the la cross rejects and the la cross will be able to refresh your batteries, giving them a great boost in capacity and increasing the overall life of the battery.  
30. I've used half a dozen different battery chargers from Radio Shack, Energizer and a couple of off brands over the last five years. 
31. Taking into account the value of the included batteries, this charger is cheaper and more feature rich than other popular battery manufacturer's chargers.The only negative is that the unit should have a on/off switch so that the batteries can be changed out without unplugging the unit.The other chargers were donated to a charity store. 
32. This one shows how much charge the battery has and keeps recharging it until its full.  
33. Because of this feature I can tell which batteries are about to reach the end of their usefullness without having a dead battery incident.
34. The little LCD battery symbols doe not appear, but the screen does light up when batteries are inserted.  
35. With the little battery life I do get out of it, they seem to work fine, just seems i have to charge them a lot more often compared to my cheap old battery charger I had.  
36. With the little battery life I do get out of it, they seem to work fine, just seems i have to charge them a lot more often compared to my cheap old battery charger I had.  
37. This is my first battery recharger and have no prior experience. 
38. No hot battery, and you can charge one/two/three or four batteries at the sametime as you wish. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : charger, positive Score : 306 and negative Score :-103
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. When I put in a battery charged on my old cheap charger, it shows fully charged.  
2. bought it to power my flash units, i heard a lot of good things about this charger, so far it's doing a great job for me =)
3. Great charger came with 4 stable 2700mA batteries. 
4. Very intelligent, fast, charger.
5. The indicator display and the charger casing are nice. 
6. This a great price charger, I can't say the same for the batteries, which where very bad, the charger works very good until now.
7. This a great price charger, I can't say the same for the batteries, which where very bad, the charger works very good until now.
8. Make sure you use a Sony charger to make sure you have a long life cycle for these batts.
9. good charger. 
10. I am very disappointed with the charging time, which is around 5 hours for 4 2700mAH batteries.I was looking for a quick charger which charges the batteries around 3 hours. 
11. It is the best charger I have ever used in my life. 
12. Good charger, fast with all the needed indicators on the unit. 
13. This happens with both the lousy Sony cells and my (good) Energizer cells.The charger I have at home is a La Crosse Technology BC-700, a fantastic little unit that has served me well for 5 years now, with much better features and the ability to test cells for capacity (this is why I know that two of the Sony cells are bad...)
14. You can typically find this deal all over Amazon if you look, just type in "sony battery charger" and you'll find 4 or 5 different versions of what is essentially the same product in slightly different (if at all) casing. 
15. , consider that it was the first charge, and the first charge for any charger/batteries is going to take a while. 
16. First off, the charger is considerably larger than the other models and thusly harder to lose.Second, instead of just 2 slots for AAA batteries like on the cheaper models, there are 4 slots on this model.Third, the model is very sleek and nice looking, and even though the LCD doesn't work as well as I'd hoped, it is kind of nice, I guess.and last but not least, unlike other models this one does not plug directly into the wall, it has a detachable power cord that is long enough to hide if necessary and makes for a greater capability of movement/placement of the charger.All things being told, it's not the worst charger in the world. 
17. First off, the charger is considerably larger than the other models and thusly harder to lose.Second, instead of just 2 slots for AAA batteries like on the cheaper models, there are 4 slots on this model.Third, the model is very sleek and nice looking, and even though the LCD doesn't work as well as I'd hoped, it is kind of nice, I guess.and last but not least, unlike other models this one does not plug directly into the wall, it has a detachable power cord that is long enough to hide if necessary and makes for a greater capability of movement/placement of the charger.All things being told, it's not the worst charger in the world. 
18. The charger works great and I love the LCD display that shows the status of the batteries.  
19. I've had this charger for a few months now and it has worked wonders.  
20. So, this charger was well worth the money.
21. super quick charger can take 320 mins to charge four batteries. very dissapointed with product. avoid it
22. This charger is excellent. 
23. I thought it would be a "smart" charger. 
24. Good batteries and a good charger.  
25. I was charging some batteries once and I was switching the ones that were "full" with ones that need to be charged and I missed one that was done charging and when the charger turned back on it said that that battery was only 2/3 full even tho seconds before it was saying it was full.Overall, for the money, the charger could be alot worse.  
26. So far, for what I have read, its an excellent charger, but little pricey.If someone knows:Can it accept the new 2300mAh batteries?
27. You have to charge them everytime you want to use them regardless of the level they had.5 stars for the charger, 0 for the batteries, 4 stars for the full package (the batteries can be considered an "extra").I am using the charger with some Sanyo Eneloop batteries, and it works great. 
28. The meter on the front of the charger unit shows full, but if I remove the batteries out and put them in the next second, they start charging freshly (note: The mode of the charger is on "charge", not "recycle". 
29. My Canon S2 IS takes 4 AA batteries to do some clicking and best way I could save time and money on buying batteries was to invest one time in Sony's coolest battery charger.LCD indicator is good. 
30. Good charger but the included batteries are complete and utter garbage. 
31. Charger is good.  
32. It took longer than expected to fully charge the batteries.But did like the "charging status display" and compact size of the charger.
33. They could be in my camera, in the charger or laying next to the charger on the table they will always be stone dead. 
34. They could be in my camera, in the charger or laying next to the charger on the table they will always be stone dead. 
35. Needless to say this makes the batteries relatively useless and considering that that was the sole reason for buying the charger, to have charged batteries when I need them, it makes the whole situation very annoying.I had originally purchased this product because it was so highly rated and seemed like it would be perfect for my needs. 
36. The charger is great. 
37. This charger is a little pricy compared to the garden variety found at local retail outlets.  
38. The best thing about this charger is it requires no attention at all.  
39. Battery charger is very good. 
40. I've been very happy with this charger.  
41. Lenmar is just a cheaply made battery in my opinion.This charger is great in that it has the nice LCD display which shows how much charge is currently in each battery.  
42. This is a good AA and AAA charger.  
43. Since the free Sony batteries that came with the charger had some pretty bad reviews, we never bother to use it at all.The charger is sleek looking, small and compact making it a handy travel accessory.
44. Since the free Sony batteries that came with the charger had some pretty bad reviews, we never bother to use it at all.The charger is sleek looking, small and compact making it a handy travel accessory.
45. While the charger itself is fine, the 2700mah batteries are a nuisance in that they completey discharge when idle for only a few days.  
46. Unless you use your camera every day and always return the batteries to the charger at night, it's easy to get caught with dead batteries.  
47. This is a nice charger.  
48. This pack is really good, the price is worthy, it works perfect, don't buy the model without LCD screen, its really worthy the extra money, Make sure to buy additional batteries but 2700mAh too, because the pack offered here include an additional pack of 4 batteries but they are 2500mAhI bought this because I need for my Lego Mindstorms NXT, since the official Lego battery (and charger) cost much, much more.
49. This charger is good! 
50. I already have a 15 minutes charger and it works fine at the very first beginning.  
51. It is faster than a normal charger but when compare to my 15 minutes one, it is a joke!
52. This product seems far superior to the Everready battery charger which came with my first set of rechargeable batteries and then failed after a few recharges. 
53. Have three cameras that use these batteries, still going strong, so is the charger.  
54. The charger is pretty good in appearance and LCD to show the statue of charging, but the charger time is a little bit long.
55. The charger is pretty good in appearance and LCD to show the statue of charging, but the charger time is a little bit long.
56. Overall a very nice charger, though recharge times aren't even close to what is advertised.  
57. I manage rechargeable batteries for a company of 45+ people, and this charger is the best I've used -- and we've been through four vendors at this point.  
58. This charger allows for a "refresh" cycle (in other words, discharge any remaining bit of charge, then recharge from scratch) which I use all the time.  
59. That was an okay charger, but lacked the refresh cycle and required batteries to be paired for charging.  
60. Finally, the Emerging Power charger had big springs (versus metal tabs) that held the batteries in place...guess what, one the springs went wonky after a few dozen charges, making it a dicey proposition to try charging four batteries at once.  
61. This Sony charger uses better-designed tabs to hold the batteries in place -- much better!
62. Still the best battery charger I have seen.
63. The charger is very good, but the problem is that the batteries do not retain their charge if kept idle. can someone help me to get a longer life for the charged battery.Vishu Kashyap, San Jose
64. And from my understanding, the charge life will improve with more frequent use.PROS:Battery LifeCharging indicatorRefresh functionCONS:You can't plug the actual charger directly into the wall.  
65. Whenever I charged my cells in this charger, they would get extremely hot towards the end of the charge cycle. 
66. I had two sets of cells die on me within the first year after using this charger.NiMH cells are great for connivence and saving money, but if you buy this charger it will kill your cells early!
67. I have since changed to a different charger and have not had any of my cells die since.
68. The best charger I ever used.  
69. It may not be superquick but its ability to charge, and the convenience of its monitoring unit for each battery in the charge process makes the Sony charger exceptional. 
70. They will let you down when you need them.That being said, the charger is fine.  
71. While the charger is fine, these batteries are the worst I've ever used. 
72. Very nice charger. 
73. My charger gets really hot after it's done with the batteries included in the pack.  
74. To be fair, the charger is great! 
75. Most inexpensive chargers use a very high rate of charge that over heat your batteries and shorten there life.Fast chargers are not good for your batteies.This charger charges at a safe rate and your batteries always get just warm.Sony gives you a set(4)of 2700 mah capacity batterys that is the highest capacity at this time and great for power hungry electronics.The BCG-34hrmf4 is differant than most fast chargers in that each cell has a seperate charge curcuit and a cell discharger called a "refresh" (button).Use the refresh button to fully discharge half used batteries before charging also,use the button every second or third time discharged batteries are charged. 
76. Your devise like a camera will tell you when there discharged to the proper level to recharge.These batterys should be discharged to minimum voltage but not dead.This charger will take 4-5 hours (or more)to discharge (refresh) and charge your batteries.If your on the road and using a camera that uses 4-aa rechargeable batteries have two sets.After a day of shooting put in a fresh set into your camera and refresh and charge the other set overnight but take them with you the next day of shooting.Your spare batteries should be stores in plastic containers or equivalent as they can short out on metal objects.
77. The charger & batteries do everything as advertised.  
78. I even tried a full discharge through the charger, but that made no difference.  
79. Older Eveready rechargables stay charged (with same charger) for many weeks.  
80. I purchased this set to get a better charger and a new set of batteries. 
81. In summary; I think the charger is good, but it is a little pricey for the charger alone and that is pretty much what your getting. 
82. In summary; I think the charger is good, but it is a little pricey for the charger alone and that is pretty much what your getting. 
83. Very nice charger, I have recommended it to anyone with rechargeable AA batteries. 
84. This is must be the best charger I had after 3 other sets I had with others.  
85. So, say I want to charge the 4 empty 2700mAh AA batteries bundled with my charger (you may get different capacity now), it will take at most 2700/525 = 5 hours 9 minutes.  
86. I had the last generation of this charger and batteries, and it worked great. 
87. For that reason, I'd say it's worth the extra $[...] over the standard Sony charger.
88. Only one problem if you are in a rush to use your product buy a set of regular batteries too. these dont come charged.It has been five years; i am now on my second set of batteries and the charger has survuved five years. very good for a charger.
89. The charger is incredibly slow, only usable for overnight charging, and the batteries won't hold a charge for any decent length of time.  
90. This little charger works great for me. 
91. The charger is a silver color but looked white to me in the advertisement. 
92. I have only used the charger a few times but it fully charges the batteries, even when they have memory loss, thanks to the Sony's Refresh option. 
93. Then I purchased this one.I have this charger for about two years now and I still use the batteries that came with it, they still work fine.Sadly, it charges only AA and AAA batteries, and I really miss a good charger for 9V batteries...
94. The charger is good, we can discharge and after charge the battery. 
95. I used the battery from July 2010 to Dec. 2010 in my Fuji HS10 digital camera, less than 10 times, with sony Charger.The charger is OK, but the batteries is useless after 5 times, it is only less than 20 shot (no flash-shot).It should be up to 300 shots. 
96. I used the battery from July 2010 to Dec. 2010 in my Fuji HS10 digital camera, less than 10 times, with sony Charger.The charger is OK, but the batteries is useless after 5 times, it is only less than 20 shot (no flash-shot).It should be up to 300 shots. 
97. The first time I used the batteries, it is about 350 shots without much flash-shots.Then, I tried refresh function of sony charger, but it doesn't work.I'm very disappointed.It is waste of money on sony batteries.
98. I liked the charger very much its sleek definitely compact, Since I have a lot of places to travel I was looking for a compact charger and without an atatched plug since in every country we have a different plug.Futher I found it easy to use just put the batteried and atatche the cord to power, furthe the auto shut feature is nice henc eu can keep the batteries in the night for charging.All in all I give it a 5 star rating, since its quite meeting my expectation.
99. I liked the charger very much its sleek definitely compact, Since I have a lot of places to travel I was looking for a compact charger and without an atatched plug since in every country we have a different plug.Futher I found it easy to use just put the batteried and atatche the cord to power, furthe the auto shut feature is nice henc eu can keep the batteries in the night for charging.All in all I give it a 5 star rating, since its quite meeting my expectation.
100. This was a great charger, came with 2300 mAh batteries.  
101. Eventho I had these DIGITAL company cells, I bought this charger thinking Sony will be better.  
102. A compact, well designed, multi-voltage charger with good visual feedback and the always handy refresh function to keep batteries healthy.  
103. The super quick charger takes about 12 hours to recharge the batteries.
104. The charger works Great and charges very fast, it will charge both AA and AAA.
105. The charger works best with Sony batteries and the process is not that fast (several hours). 
106. Let's say they last 5 hours with your device... once you start notice a decrease to perhaps 4 hours, it's time to press the magic refresh button on the charger, and 'renew' your batteries for one more go! 
107. This is a great charger. 
108. Something I noticed that I like but might not matter to others is the fact that this charger uses a standard 110v AC cord instead of the cheesy wall transformer. 
109. Overall this is a very good charger for AA and AAA sizes and the price is right.
110. IMHO, This charger is a little too picky when it decides that cells are no longer suitable for re-charging. 
111. I does a fine job on new cells, but I am glad that I have an older Maha charger that is a bit less "critical" and will still recharge useful cells that are several years old. 
112. It is a good thing to always be ready for that next round of golf, the Sony Battery Charger is a real asset.
113. This is a great all-around Ni-MH battery charger. 
114. I also use this charger to recharge the non-sony AAA batteries I use in my cordless mouse, remote controls, etc.
115. This charger works great!  
116. I use this charger and batteries with my digitial camera (Olympus SP-510) and am very satisfied with the performance.
117. The charger is functional and stylish and charges the batteries quickly with the accurate LED display showing you the progress all along the way. 
118. I have had this charger for over 4 years and it has never let me down.While this charger is more costly than others it also works better than any other charger I have ever used, and I have a drawer full of chargers.The first trip I brought this charger on was to a country that had terrible power and the charger works perfectly while other people in our group had problems.The best thing about this charger is that it uses a power cord like I use on my Laptop which not only elimates blocked outlets but allows me to put the charger on a table top.Features none of my other chargers have that I think makes this charger a rock star:*LCD display that show charging status for each individual battery*Refresh cycle that brings back batteries that I thought were ready for the recycle bin*Uses laptop type power cord without having a wall transformer blocking other outlets*Backlite display so I can see the status in low light*Automatically switches power for use in countries that are not 110 volt power with 60 cyclesThis is the charger I always recommend to my friends and they have all told me they like it as much as I do!!
119. I have had this charger for over 4 years and it has never let me down.While this charger is more costly than others it also works better than any other charger I have ever used, and I have a drawer full of chargers.The first trip I brought this charger on was to a country that had terrible power and the charger works perfectly while other people in our group had problems.The best thing about this charger is that it uses a power cord like I use on my Laptop which not only elimates blocked outlets but allows me to put the charger on a table top.Features none of my other chargers have that I think makes this charger a rock star:*LCD display that show charging status for each individual battery*Refresh cycle that brings back batteries that I thought were ready for the recycle bin*Uses laptop type power cord without having a wall transformer blocking other outlets*Backlite display so I can see the status in low light*Automatically switches power for use in countries that are not 110 volt power with 60 cyclesThis is the charger I always recommend to my friends and they have all told me they like it as much as I do!!
120. I have had this charger for over 4 years and it has never let me down.While this charger is more costly than others it also works better than any other charger I have ever used, and I have a drawer full of chargers.The first trip I brought this charger on was to a country that had terrible power and the charger works perfectly while other people in our group had problems.The best thing about this charger is that it uses a power cord like I use on my Laptop which not only elimates blocked outlets but allows me to put the charger on a table top.Features none of my other chargers have that I think makes this charger a rock star:*LCD display that show charging status for each individual battery*Refresh cycle that brings back batteries that I thought were ready for the recycle bin*Uses laptop type power cord without having a wall transformer blocking other outlets*Backlite display so I can see the status in low light*Automatically switches power for use in countries that are not 110 volt power with 60 cyclesThis is the charger I always recommend to my friends and they have all told me they like it as much as I do!!
121. I have had this charger for over 4 years and it has never let me down.While this charger is more costly than others it also works better than any other charger I have ever used, and I have a drawer full of chargers.The first trip I brought this charger on was to a country that had terrible power and the charger works perfectly while other people in our group had problems.The best thing about this charger is that it uses a power cord like I use on my Laptop which not only elimates blocked outlets but allows me to put the charger on a table top.Features none of my other chargers have that I think makes this charger a rock star:*LCD display that show charging status for each individual battery*Refresh cycle that brings back batteries that I thought were ready for the recycle bin*Uses laptop type power cord without having a wall transformer blocking other outlets*Backlite display so I can see the status in low light*Automatically switches power for use in countries that are not 110 volt power with 60 cyclesThis is the charger I always recommend to my friends and they have all told me they like it as much as I do!!
122. I have had this charger for over 4 years and it has never let me down.While this charger is more costly than others it also works better than any other charger I have ever used, and I have a drawer full of chargers.The first trip I brought this charger on was to a country that had terrible power and the charger works perfectly while other people in our group had problems.The best thing about this charger is that it uses a power cord like I use on my Laptop which not only elimates blocked outlets but allows me to put the charger on a table top.Features none of my other chargers have that I think makes this charger a rock star:*LCD display that show charging status for each individual battery*Refresh cycle that brings back batteries that I thought were ready for the recycle bin*Uses laptop type power cord without having a wall transformer blocking other outlets*Backlite display so I can see the status in low light*Automatically switches power for use in countries that are not 110 volt power with 60 cyclesThis is the charger I always recommend to my friends and they have all told me they like it as much as I do!!
123. It's a nice well built charger.I would have preferred a wall mount option though since my studio has very limited desk space.The refresh button is great, really essential for ni-mh batteries. 
124. Very good charger. 
125. The ones that come with the charger last half as long before needing charged than the Duracell I have been using. 
126. I like the charger and would buy it again, I just hope they eliminate the Sony batteries and sell the charger a little cheeper.
127. This battery charger is wonderful. 
128. About 1/3 of my batteries will no longer charge and having to use the dumb charger is more of a pain. 
129. I'm very happy with this Battery Charger, It's very faster to charge batteries and indicate me all the information that I must to know in the proccess, is the better Battery Charger that I have seen.
130. I'm very happy with this Battery Charger, It's very faster to charge batteries and indicate me all the information that I must to know in the proccess, is the better Battery Charger that I have seen.
131. The charger is great. 
132. I wanted a good charger and consider the 4 batts to be an extra freebie.
133. Also charger is light weighted and attractive but I faced one problem after traveling, the chargeable cells discharges after check in scan at airport and I was unable to use the chargeable cells after traveling but for ground travel its good product to buy.
134. The best charger I ever had but the Duracell pre-charged batteries are better than the Sony's that come along.
135. Excellent charger.  
136. I should mention:  The CHARGER is excellent.  
137. 5 stars for great batteries charger. 
138. Faster charger.2700 AA batteries Rules!
139. --Sony Battery Charger--PROS: it's a good quality charger and one of the best designs--aesthetically--that I've seen.CONS: the charger has a tragic flaw--it does NOT plug directly into a wall outlet to remain fixed to the wall.  
140. --Sony Battery Charger--PROS: it's a good quality charger and one of the best designs--aesthetically--that I've seen.CONS: the charger has a tragic flaw--it does NOT plug directly into a wall outlet to remain fixed to the wall.  
141. Its a good charger and the surprise is its worked all over the world. 
142. Its such a handy must have charger. 
143. If you need a super fast charger don't buy this one.  
144. No, I have not really checked, but I think this is a fair assessment.The charger is inconvenient. 
145. At the same time, however, I ordered a pack of 4 AAA batteries, also by Sony, and have been using those same batteries with this charger ever since to power a Sansa m240 MP3 player. 
146. Most are very basic "straight to the point" chargers, which is why this one interested me.Right off the bat, the charger looks nice - it's got a stylish white design (much like Eneloop batteries), but unlike most chargers this one uses an AC power cord (opposed to the flip-out prongs most use). 
147. It also has a "flip down" cover - this again can be good or bad (good in that it keeps everything looking clean, and "protects"/holds the batteries in), bad in that it's an extra piece to worry about.Now the great things about the charger are the refresh button (which drains all the batteries then fully charges them - unlike most chargers which simply fill them up from their existing amounts) - this supposedly gives better charges (batteries last longer/work better). 
148. One thing I think is a bit misleading is the "SUPER QUICK CHARGER" claim - the thing takes several hours to charge (longer to "refresh") which does not mean "Super Quick" to me. 
149. I am using this charger from last 6-8 months and so far it works like a dream. 
150. Anyway the Sony charger is a good one if need just a bettery charger.
151. The Sony Super Quick Charger with LCD is just fantastic.  
152. Charging indicator actually works great and gave this little gadge quite a space age looking.Charges battery pretty fast although not like the fastest 15-minutes charger I used. but those chargers could make battery over heat constantly.The build of the charger however is a little bit on the weak side. compare to the one I previously owned.Generally, well worth the money.  
153. Charging indicator actually works great and gave this little gadge quite a space age looking.Charges battery pretty fast although not like the fastest 15-minutes charger I used. but those chargers could make battery over heat constantly.The build of the charger however is a little bit on the weak side. compare to the one I previously owned.Generally, well worth the money.  
154. And believe me 2700 mAH makes a positive difference.This one isn't bulky at all and does not weigh much.Further, IT'S A SONY.In a nut shell, if you are not always in a hurry trying to charge in a jiffy, a world traveler (believe me, the odd overseas trip too will mean you don't need a new charger that works on 240V) and would want the highest rated/capacity Sony batteries then you don't have too many other options.Hope this will help you decide (and yes - I am NO Sony agent, just a fan)
155. If you are trying to get a good quality charger, then Sony BCG-34HRMF4 is made for you.Pros:1] Looks Good2] Battery Indicator.3] Can charge single battery/cell at a time.4] Auto power cut off5] Also works with 240V in Europe.6] Sleek and light wiegth7] Refresh button - works really good to get ur battery life/power back.Cons:1] Its fast but not that fast. 
156. I think the charger is fine, but the batteries are worthless. 
157. Yes, as others say, the batteries that come with this are trash, don't even waste your time with them.The charger design is ridiculous. 
158. The Sony kit uses a smart charger that senses how much charge is left in the batteries and only charges them to full, leading to a longer battery life over time.  
159. I've found this to be an excellent charger, as long as you only need to charge AA and AAA batteries. 
160. although i don't have any complaints as far as the charger yet (only 1 month in), i'm sure there's a charger equally as good for less somewhere.  
161. This charger is really good value for money.  
162. This charger is the best charger I've ever used for AA and AAA batteries. 
163. This charger is the best charger I've ever used for AA and AAA batteries. 
164. The recharge is quick and the charger is easy to use and light. 
165. charger is great, batteries are crap, steer clear.  
166. The charger is very nice in that it provides both the discharge and charge functions.  
167. This is a real nice charger. 
168. The LCD display is also pretty nice.I recommend this charger, it well worth the money.
169. I had purchased Energizer rechargeable batteries with a cute "automatic" charger included. 
170. I figured that the 8-hour charge can't be too healthy for them so I decided to look for a better charger with automatic detection and adjustment of the charging times for each individual battery.I considered several good automatic chargers that treat each battery individually. 
171. The Sony BCG-34HRMD4 seemed optimal because of the following: (1) very reasonable price with the four great batteries included, (2) universal 110-240 voltage, (3) no-frills individual indication of the charging process, (4) rejuvenate function - very handy even for NiMH batteries, (5) ease of use - it was going to be used by several people with differing degrees of tech expertise.I didn't want a super-duper split-second blink-your-eye quick charger because I am not in a real hurry to get the batteries charged plus high charging currents heat up the batteries to a boil and shorten their life span. 
172. Overall: this is a very good charger, highly recommended. 
173. I bought this charger and rated it full 5 stars when it was $24.99 apiece with a free shipping.===== Edit on May 26, 2009 =====Charger still running strong after 3+ years. 
174. I bought this charger and rated it full 5 stars when it was $24.99 apiece with a free shipping.===== Edit on May 26, 2009 =====Charger still running strong after 3+ years. 
175. I also have BC-900 charger but prefer the Sony with single button for "refresh".Again: a great product. 
176. Charging time is fairly quick unless the batteries are fully discharged in which case they need to be topped off for a full charge (let them cool and place them back in the charger one more time).  
177. I'm pretty happy with the Sony charger.  
178. Small and inexpensive charger that does the job.
179. More than pleasantly surprised with the quality of the charger and amazed by the modern high-tech batteries supplied in the kit. 
180. This charger has only a single speed, and takes a few hours to reach full recharge.  
181. The best charger I've used. 
182. OK, I didn't buy this device for the batteries, but for to have a highly functional and relatively small charger for my collection of NiMH's and Hybrid batteries when I travel, which I do a great deal.As a charger it is fine. 
183. OK, I didn't buy this device for the batteries, but for to have a highly functional and relatively small charger for my collection of NiMH's and Hybrid batteries when I travel, which I do a great deal.As a charger it is fine. 
184. Recently my old battery charger went out and I hated that it didn't tell me wether the battery was actually charged.  
185. I also have older model AA/AAA Sony charger but this one is easier to read and the refresh button helps to recycle the charge. 
186. This is a great charger from Sony for charging AA and AAA rechargeable batteries. 
187. The top part of the charger opens up to reveal four charging bays which can take either AA or AAA batteries. 
188. I don't think it would be a good idea to charge AA and AAA batteries at the same time (i.e. in parallel) even though it might seem like a quick way to charge those two kinds of batteries.As far as charging speed goes, this charger does a decent job at 4 hours. 
189. This is the best battery charger out there and the batteries are really powerful and holds a charge well. 4 years and going.
190. This charger shows the current charge level of the battery.So you can know, when they are fully charged and at times, when you want to take batteries in between, you know how much charge they currently hold (for eg, 50% charged, 25% remaining etc).It can be used in various geographies of the world bcoz it works 100 to 240v.Looks are amazing! 
191. This is a great charger and it charges in about an hour so you can have charged batteries. the bateries are a little expensive but its worth the money.
192. If you're patient, this battery charger will make old rechargeables you thought were useless hold a charge again (Refresh Mode).  
193. As a simple charger, it's relatively fast but nothing to get excited over.
194. If you want speed, go and watch for a 15-minute charger... but if you want stamina in your photo sessions, this baby fits to your needs.
195. this is the 1st time i've ever charging the battery. the most i like is the the charger indicator display. and the best of all its has automatic charging itself when charging complete its shuts itself down
196. I bought this charger a few months ago. 
197. But when I use Sanyo eneloop batteries, it works fine.The charger also started giving problem. 
198. Great charger and great batteries, too. 
199. The charger takes a very long time to charge batteries (theSanyo Eneloop AA/AAA 4 Position Charger And 4 Rechargeable AA Batteries With Eneloop Rechargeable AA Battery 4 Packdoesn't take that long & the eneloop batteries hold a charge very well). 
200. While charging the charger and batteries get very hot. 
201. I purchased the older model of Sony charger and 4 2500 AA batteries. 
202. They are pretty heavy, too.The charger is just what I wanted... charges monitors and provides feedback of each battery installed (doesn't require all batteries or pairs to work).  
203. The charger itself is very good, no complaints - it shows charge progress, able to charge anywhere between 1 and 4 batteries at once.However, like many other people, I did experience an issue with this particular set of included Sony batteries - NiMH 2700 mAh CycleEnergy. 
204. I really like this little charger and its features, but it takes forever to charge in the normal mode. 
205. Of what I saw when I was looking, this is the best charger and battery set on amazon right now. 
206. I am very happy with the purchase of my new sony battery charger, and 2700 mah batteries. 
207. The refresh feature on this charger allows me to discharge any remaining charge in the cells before recharging them for use. 
208. (It's "around" $15 because Amazon is forever playing games with the price, a few dollars either side of $30 for the package.)In this price range, the charger is exceptional. 
209. "(5) The light on the charging panel goes off when the charging is done.The charger appears to be well-made, although I would have preferred a more substantial lid ( a minor detail).Get it.
210. It is also quite fast (refreshed and charged 4x2000mAh batteries in 6 hours whereas I had to charge them for 20 hours with my old "dumb" charger), and can refresh batteries.However, one of the biggest advantages, in my view, is the charger's small size and light weight, suitable for carrying it in a pocket, and universal worldwide voltage. 
211. It is also quite fast (refreshed and charged 4x2000mAh batteries in 6 hours whereas I had to charge them for 20 hours with my old "dumb" charger), and can refresh batteries.However, one of the biggest advantages, in my view, is the charger's small size and light weight, suitable for carrying it in a pocket, and universal worldwide voltage. 
212. It is not a "plug-in" charger, it comes with a standard 2-wire cord like the ones you have for stereos and small appliances (e.g.Universal AC Power Cord WITH Two Prong [Misc.]). 
213. Just seems a weird coincidence to see this message after using this charger for the first time.
214. The charger is good. 
215. Great charger, I feel best in the market.  
216. The display is nice, but this charger is an overall disappointment. 
217. Overall it's better than the average "dumb" charger but not nearly as good as the LaCrosse BC-900. 
218. I really like the battery charger because it shows how full the charge is for each battery.  
219. Nice charger and it works fast but I recommend that you use a Maha PowerEx charger to get the best out of Sony Batteries Maha PowerEx MH-C204W4AA27 - Battery charger - battery - rechargeable - AA x 4 - 2700 mAh. 
220. Nice charger and it works fast but I recommend that you use a Maha PowerEx charger to get the best out of Sony Batteries Maha PowerEx MH-C204W4AA27 - Battery charger - battery - rechargeable - AA x 4 - 2700 mAh. 
221. Nice charger and it works fast but I recommend that you use a Maha PowerEx charger to get the best out of Sony Batteries Maha PowerEx MH-C204W4AA27 - Battery charger - battery - rechargeable - AA x 4 - 2700 mAh. 
222. This Is an excellent charger. 
223. The tricky thing with the Sony charger is that I can (need to) remove the batteries from the charger after it is indicated as "fully charged", wait about 5 seconds, and put it back in for another recharge to be able to fully charge it.  
224. My 2300 mAH PowerEX AA would not last more than one week in the same player.Good charger.  
225. That being said, the really nice feature of this charger is the refresh cycle that takes your old rechargables to zero and then automatically brings them up to a like new charge state. 

negative sentences : 
1. Other reviews are right -- this charger does NOT charge fully!
2. I've tried the charger with the included Sony batteries as well as other brands, batteries that have worked fine in other chargers.  
3. Though many people say the batteries with the charger are not so good, I find they are good for me. 
4. I don't easily give 1-star ratings, and I'm surprising myself by doing this for a Sony product...I bought this combo for our excellent Canon SX-10IS camera at work, thinking at that price and with the Sony name you probably can't go wrong...On the upside, for roughly 30 bucks usually you don't get a set of brand-name batteries, and a charger with single-slot control (all the cheaper chargers only charge 2 cells at a time, so they'll overcharge or undercharge if you give them mismatched batteries), and microcontroller (the cheap chargers will only shut off with a timer boiling your batteries if they're full before the timer runs out).Anyway, the batteries stink in that two of them give me only about half their nominal capacity.And the charger stinks in that inevitably, if you just leave the batteries in, after a while one of the slots' LCD starts flashing fast indicating a defective cell. 
5. I don't easily give 1-star ratings, and I'm surprising myself by doing this for a Sony product...I bought this combo for our excellent Canon SX-10IS camera at work, thinking at that price and with the Sony name you probably can't go wrong...On the upside, for roughly 30 bucks usually you don't get a set of brand-name batteries, and a charger with single-slot control (all the cheaper chargers only charge 2 cells at a time, so they'll overcharge or undercharge if you give them mismatched batteries), and microcontroller (the cheap chargers will only shut off with a timer boiling your batteries if they're full before the timer runs out).Anyway, the batteries stink in that two of them give me only about half their nominal capacity.And the charger stinks in that inevitably, if you just leave the batteries in, after a while one of the slots' LCD starts flashing fast indicating a defective cell. 
6. This is a clunky, unnecessarily bulk charger. 
7. And as many people say, it is not the fastest charger out there, but I've found it fairly reliable compared to some of the other faster chargers I've owned in the past.One of the most interesting aspects of this charger, and many slow chargers, is that it actually has the ability to charge some alkaline batteries that are on the market.  
8. And as many people say, it is not the fastest charger out there, but I've found it fairly reliable compared to some of the other faster chargers I've owned in the past.One of the most interesting aspects of this charger, and many slow chargers, is that it actually has the ability to charge some alkaline batteries that are on the market.  
9. they only hold the charge for less than 12 hours, and after 3 months they are not working anymore.the charger is good however working with rayovacs!
10. Third, the batteries are individually recharged, so you don't need to recharged them in pairs like in other cheaper chargers.Unlike the charger, the included Sony batteries are useless. 
11. takes long time to charge. its not super quick charger at all, as name implies. 
12. However, the SONY 2700 batteries supplied with the charger ARE NO GOOD...They lose their charge in a couple days if not used and only supply a very few shots....I bought POWEREX AA 2700s and they stay fully charged for over a week if not used and last a long time when using them. 
13. I have been using this charger and batteries for more than 4 weeks. 
14. It is not super fast charger, it takes about 5-6 hours to charge supplied four batteries. 
15. Its refresh function makes this charger more attractive. 
16. Got this charger because I'm tired of buying aa batteries. 
17. In an office with 45+ users, this charger is used by many people in my office every day.  
18. This charger has more than paid for itself. 
19. Although the original batteries are dead now, the charger still works for my other Sony rechargeable batteries. 
20. They eventually sent the wrong charger (a cheaper one) and the wrong batteries (lower capacity), failing to ever actually do anything for my problem.In the end, after many phone calls and voice messages and emails, I have a replacement set of batteries and second set of lower-capacity batteries. 
21. Great charger, but you will have to buy or own different batteries.
22. Bought this to replace a previous Sony charger that I lost.  
23. I don't know if I have defective batteries (all four) or if the charger is not providing a full charge even though the indicator shows it to be fully charged.I expected better from Sony than this.
24. The four 2700mA batteries (Sony label) that came with this charger are TOTALLY WORTHLESS. 
25. I won't trash the charger, but the batteries are useless for my camera application.
26. Refresh function is a great feature, but it is really only useful if your batteries are charged in other chargers since this charger performs so well. 
27. This may be a flaw with my model than with the charger overall since most people seem to love it, but it is something to keep in mind when making a purchase.
28. I think I have to give credit where credit due, I order the charger and the battery and the gc kit last week, not only amazon follow up services are the best i ever got. the shipment deliver right to the door without any hassle, It's better and safer than Ebay 100%.i have not test out the quality of the stuff, friends of mine recommand to me, got to be good, but that has nothing to do with amazon service. keep it up amazon!
29. The previous SONY charger I had had a plug on it and we didn't need cables. 
30. Detected 2 bad AAA that an old charger never detected.Cons:Batteries come out a little hot.Not as hot compared to old charger.Heat is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries.Batteries that it came with had less than .9 volts measured with volt meter.Anything less than .9 volts is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries and isprobably the cause of high self discharge/inability to hold charge for longer periods.
31. Detected 2 bad AAA that an old charger never detected.Cons:Batteries come out a little hot.Not as hot compared to old charger.Heat is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries.Batteries that it came with had less than .9 volts measured with volt meter.Anything less than .9 volts is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries and isprobably the cause of high self discharge/inability to hold charge for longer periods.
32. This is not good if you are planning on traveling without the charger which is made difficult with the long cord on the unit.  
33. It might have cost a few dollars more but I should have bought a plug-in charger (no cord) and batteries at a local home improvement store.
34. Bought a 2700mAh charger after much research and it works great...  
35. And I also found after switching to this charger, I have a lot more batteries died than when I was using the slow overnight charger. 
36. And I also found after switching to this charger, I have a lot more batteries died than when I was using the slow overnight charger. 
37. It did it great, but the charger no longer works.  
38. Though the description claims as a Quick Charger, it is not as quick as some other chargers I have seen. 
39. It took about 4 hours to complete charging 4AA batteries.This charger recognize the quality of rechargable batteries.  
40. I have tried to charge different brands of rechargable battery with this charger using its Refresh function.  
41. My other charger (Trisonic brand) is dumber than Sony (I guess;) charger and keeps charging without recognizing wheather the rechargable battery I bought are quality or cheap brands.This product got my 4 stars only because I recently (July 2009) got this product and I do not know how long this charger (or the batteries that came with it) is going to last.
42. My other charger (Trisonic brand) is dumber than Sony (I guess;) charger and keeps charging without recognizing wheather the rechargable battery I bought are quality or cheap brands.This product got my 4 stars only because I recently (July 2009) got this product and I do not know how long this charger (or the batteries that came with it) is going to last.
43. My other charger (Trisonic brand) is dumber than Sony (I guess;) charger and keeps charging without recognizing wheather the rechargable battery I bought are quality or cheap brands.This product got my 4 stars only because I recently (July 2009) got this product and I do not know how long this charger (or the batteries that came with it) is going to last.
44. The batteries that come with this charger are terrible and self-discharge within 24 hours of being fully charged.  
45. But again, for $13, that's less than a decent trickle charger will cost you.
46. I don't know if the charger is bad or I got a bad set of batteries.  
47. A fast charger it is NOT. 
48. So, I'd conclude that the battery is NOT compatible with the charger.  
49. The charger, otherwise seemed to charge most of my batteries.  
50. Not even the "refresh" function increases their life.The charger is Ok, not great, but not bad.  
51. Imagine how bad that timing could be for your photo opportunities.  .Lots of other great features to the charger, but this little bonus wasn't mentioned at all in the reviews that I happened to read.  
52. Then I have to take pairs of the "bad" batteries and charge them in the old non-smart charger.  
53. I have no real opinion on the 4 batteries that come with the charger - they seem as good if not better than any other brand. 
54. It is not a super quick charger.May be a bit quicker than normal charges. 
55. Was looking for a charger for a trip to New Zealand, wanted a dual voltage charger.  
56. I wound up putting it on top of a box fan I keep in the hallway, which I sometimes bump into.I guess I should have bought the other Sony charger.
57. Batteries last well..but there is nothing super quick about this charger at all. 
58. They said this charger cannot be serviced and a new charger has to be purchased.Totaly I am dissatisfied with this product.
59. (they actaully deserve no star at all, but it's not possible to vote for zero star)  On the other hand, the charger itself deserves 5 stars...I bought this Sony charger/batteris from Amazon in 09/2006.  
60. This is totally unacceptable.The charger isn't the problem.  
61. I charged other rechargeable batteris using this Sony charger and they work just fine. 
62. I was hoping this would deliver what it promised with it's advanced charger. 
63. It was very difficult to assemble the charger - the cord did not want to stay in place and kept falling out. 
64. I don't dislike all Sony products - this combination simply doesn't work / didn't work for me.I have tried the charger with other batteries & it charges them but it is exceedingly slow & very warm if not hot to the touch.Go with Eneloop or Duracell Ni-MH - cost lest & last longer.
65. The longevity of the bateries is very good... a complet day of busy shooting (around 350-400 snaps) still left some amount of battery... the charger is not a super fast charger... but i typical start charging while i sleep and by the time i wake-up, it's done and ready... so not a problem for me.
66. The longevity of the bateries is very good... a complet day of busy shooting (around 350-400 snaps) still left some amount of battery... the charger is not a super fast charger... but i typical start charging while i sleep and by the time i wake-up, it's done and ready... so not a problem for me.
67. With the little battery life I do get out of it, they seem to work fine, just seems i have to charge them a lot more often compared to my cheap old battery charger I had.  
68. Any combination of AA or AAA.6) Individual charging circuits allow charging odd number of batteries (some chargers require to charge in pairs.)I would not say this is at all a "quick" or "rapid" charger.  
69. It will happily recharge a battery it's just fully charged, indicating that it is not nearly as smart as the leading "smart charger." 
70. IF you are looking for a fast charger, this is not it!! 
71. The Sony AA 2700 mAh batteries that ship with this charger are worthless.  
72. The charger is nice, but the batteries cannot hold the charges. 
73. I don't recommend buying this product unless you are only buying the charger.The charger works on other re-chargeable batteries and I recommend buying the "Duracell" brand. 
74. I don't recommend buying this product unless you are only buying the charger.The charger works on other re-chargeable batteries and I recommend buying the "Duracell" brand. 
75. This is no where near super quick.The only reason I wanted a third charger was because the time it takes to charge the batteries.The description here mentions no word about how long it actually takes to charge, and one of reviewers told me it took about 30 to 60 minutes to charge.I was only to find that it takes 230 minutes to charge the 2300 batteries come with the charger after I bought it, and the actual testing confirmed that number.  230 minutes, that's ~4 hours, which means over night charging, NOT acceptable.The LCD and REFRESH features are nice, but I am not paying $30 for those 2 features.Another thing that bothers me, it has a really long cord, similar to Laptop cords, the cord plugs into the wall and charger, instead of the built-in plug found in most other charges, this would become annoying when travelling.If you don't mind the 4 hour charging time (no where near super quick for May,2005 standards), it is a great charger.
76. This is no where near super quick.The only reason I wanted a third charger was because the time it takes to charge the batteries.The description here mentions no word about how long it actually takes to charge, and one of reviewers told me it took about 30 to 60 minutes to charge.I was only to find that it takes 230 minutes to charge the 2300 batteries come with the charger after I bought it, and the actual testing confirmed that number.  230 minutes, that's ~4 hours, which means over night charging, NOT acceptable.The LCD and REFRESH features are nice, but I am not paying $30 for those 2 features.Another thing that bothers me, it has a really long cord, similar to Laptop cords, the cord plugs into the wall and charger, instead of the built-in plug found in most other charges, this would become annoying when travelling.If you don't mind the 4 hour charging time (no where near super quick for May,2005 standards), it is a great charger.
77. This is no where near super quick.The only reason I wanted a third charger was because the time it takes to charge the batteries.The description here mentions no word about how long it actually takes to charge, and one of reviewers told me it took about 30 to 60 minutes to charge.I was only to find that it takes 230 minutes to charge the 2300 batteries come with the charger after I bought it, and the actual testing confirmed that number.  230 minutes, that's ~4 hours, which means over night charging, NOT acceptable.The LCD and REFRESH features are nice, but I am not paying $30 for those 2 features.Another thing that bothers me, it has a really long cord, similar to Laptop cords, the cord plugs into the wall and charger, instead of the built-in plug found in most other charges, this would become annoying when travelling.If you don't mind the 4 hour charging time (no where near super quick for May,2005 standards), it is a great charger.
78. this charger is not a fast charger. 
79. this charger is not a fast charger. 
80. This is my third charger of the same (I bought for my mom etc.) and had no problem so far. 
81. the cheap sanyo charger can charge the batteries the la cross rejects and the la cross will be able to refresh your batteries, giving them a great boost in capacity and increasing the overall life of the battery.  
82. Though it says quick charger it is not. 
83. Not really a very "quick" charger compared to some others, but it is faster than many.  
84. Refresh and recharge a set of Sony 2500mah with the same charger and they work great(hold charge).Used a non-brand charger for the 2700s; charges fine, but after about 2 days, the batteries are dead again.  
85. Refresh and recharge a set of Sony 2500mah with the same charger and they work great(hold charge).Used a non-brand charger for the 2700s; charges fine, but after about 2 days, the batteries are dead again.  
86. Taking into account the value of the included batteries, this charger is cheaper and more feature rich than other popular battery manufacturer's chargers.The only negative is that the unit should have a on/off switch so that the batteries can be changed out without unplugging the unit.The other chargers were donated to a charity store. 
87. I would recommend this charger over any other I have used. 
88. I believe I received faulty batteries with this charger. 
89. This is not a super quick charger. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : batteries, positive Score : 344 and negative Score :-169
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Great charger came with 4 stable 2700mA batteries. 
2. Kinda pricey, but it's still cheaper than keep buying batteries. 
3. This a great price charger, I can't say the same for the batteries, which where very bad, the charger works very good until now.
4. I am very disappointed with the charging time, which is around 5 hours for 4 2700mAH batteries.I was looking for a quick charger which charges the batteries around 3 hours. 
5. I am very disappointed with the charging time, which is around 5 hours for 4 2700mAH batteries.I was looking for a quick charger which charges the batteries around 3 hours. 
6. The 2700 mA batteries that come with it last for ever. 
7. The unused batteries were dead by the time I wanted to use them and I had to recharge the entire lot.  
8. I would trust bigger battery brand names more than I would sony, to be honest, but I bought this because I had a lot of sony rechargeable batteries.I got this Battery Charger as a replacement for the one that was lost/thrown away by accident (by my neices/nephews) figuring the LCD display would be a nice feature to have so that I could tell when my batteries were gonna be charged.Well, the first charge took about 8 hours. 
9. , consider that it was the first charge, and the first charge for any charger/batteries is going to take a while. 
10. First off, the charger is considerably larger than the other models and thusly harder to lose.Second, instead of just 2 slots for AAA batteries like on the cheaper models, there are 4 slots on this model.Third, the model is very sleek and nice looking, and even though the LCD doesn't work as well as I'd hoped, it is kind of nice, I guess.and last but not least, unlike other models this one does not plug directly into the wall, it has a detachable power cord that is long enough to hide if necessary and makes for a greater capability of movement/placement of the charger.All things being told, it's not the worst charger in the world. 
11. Unless you use and charge these batteries constantly, you're better off buying another set of recharable batteries.  
12. Unless you use and charge these batteries constantly, you're better off buying another set of recharable batteries.  
13. Most people will find these batteries frustrating to use because if you're a casual user, the batteries will likely be dead when you're ready to use them.  
14. Most people will find these batteries frustrating to use because if you're a casual user, the batteries will likely be dead when you're ready to use them.  
15. It is always nice to know that you can get some extra life out of all the alkaline batteries that we usually just throw away.  
16. super quick charger can take 320 mins to charge four batteries. very dissapointed with product. avoid it
17. I was also able to charge some lame non-name brand NiMH batteries that came with the Fuji digital camera I received for Christmas.  
18. I feel more confident that my batteries are fully charged becuase of the LCD indicator.  
19. But it was smart as ruining  batteries. 
20. Good batteries and a good charger.  
21. I have heard of batteries losing their charge in electronic equipment even if that equipment is off(that is why I don't keep in in equipment), but not when it is just in a plastic case.Also, the screen that registers how full the batteries are I don't think is accurate.  
22. I have heard of batteries losing their charge in electronic equipment even if that equipment is off(that is why I don't keep in in equipment), but not when it is just in a plastic case.Also, the screen that registers how full the batteries are I don't think is accurate.  
23. So far, for what I have read, its an excellent charger, but little pricey.If someone knows:Can it accept the new 2300mAh batteries?
24. You have to charge them everytime you want to use them regardless of the level they had.5 stars for the charger, 0 for the batteries, 4 stars for the full package (the batteries can be considered an "extra").I am using the charger with some Sanyo Eneloop batteries, and it works great. 
25. You have to charge them everytime you want to use them regardless of the level they had.5 stars for the charger, 0 for the batteries, 4 stars for the full package (the batteries can be considered an "extra").I am using the charger with some Sanyo Eneloop batteries, and it works great. 
26. You have to charge them everytime you want to use them regardless of the level they had.5 stars for the charger, 0 for the batteries, 4 stars for the full package (the batteries can be considered an "extra").I am using the charger with some Sanyo Eneloop batteries, and it works great. 
27. I received it all the way from Miami to Colombia, and I'm happy with the product, it notify me the amount of charge of each battery, also and it's very important the "Refresh"m function, it really works, cleaning and helping the long life to the batteries.
28. The batteries dont last as they say, 2.700amper dont work at all.Not recomended this one, im a Sony fan and this dont work. 
29. I tried refresh function with my old rechargeable batteries and found it working. 
30. The batteries are real useless so to say they completey discharge when idle for only a few days. 
31. Good charger but the included batteries are complete and utter garbage. 
32. Needless to say this makes the batteries relatively useless and considering that that was the sole reason for buying the charger, to have charged batteries when I need them, it makes the whole situation very annoying.I had originally purchased this product because it was so highly rated and seemed like it would be perfect for my needs. 
33. Not all batteries charge at the same rate, but this unit compensates for that. 
34. I've also charged Energizer batteries just fine in it.The only batteries I have ever had die on me were the Lenmar brand, but that brand I have learned has many complaints about them dieing in any charger.  
35. Larger mah batteries will take a little longer than smaller mah rated batteries.
36. Larger mah batteries will take a little longer than smaller mah rated batteries.
37. So far, we have used the charger about four times and from what I can see, the charger has been doing a pretty good job of charging our two year old Ni-MH Sanyo 2500mAh batteries. 
38. Since the free Sony batteries that came with the charger had some pretty bad reviews, we never bother to use it at all.The charger is sleek looking, small and compact making it a handy travel accessory.
39. While the charger itself is fine, the 2700mah batteries are a nuisance in that they completey discharge when idle for only a few days.  
40. Unless you use your camera every day and always return the batteries to the charger at night, it's easy to get caught with dead batteries.  
41. YOU HAVE AN INDIVIDUAL DISPLAY OF THE BATTERIES CHARGING CONDITION FOR EACH OF THE BATERIES BEING CHARGED AT ALL TIMES, AND CONTRARY TO MOST OTHER CHARGERS, YOU ARE ABLE TO CONDITION AND CHARGE INDIVIDUALLY ONE BATTERY AT A TIME.  
42. Looks great, easy to load, operate and charges batteries within a reasonable time.  
43. This pack is really good, the price is worthy, it works perfect, don't buy the model without LCD screen, its really worthy the extra money, Make sure to buy additional batteries but 2700mAh too, because the pack offered here include an additional pack of 4 batteries but they are 2500mAhI bought this because I need for my Lego Mindstorms NXT, since the official Lego battery (and charger) cost much, much more.
44. This pack is really good, the price is worthy, it works perfect, don't buy the model without LCD screen, its really worthy the extra money, Make sure to buy additional batteries but 2700mAh too, because the pack offered here include an additional pack of 4 batteries but they are 2500mAhI bought this because I need for my Lego Mindstorms NXT, since the official Lego battery (and charger) cost much, much more.
45. It takes a little bit for the initial charge, but the batteries last really long once they are charged and don't take too long to recharge. 
46. However, my brand name rechargerable batteries seems start losing power and shorten its life as they being recharged more and more times. 
47. I need to recharge the batteries weekly for my wireless optical mouse.So I give this charger a try when I saw the fresh function.  
48. This product seems far superior to the Everready battery charger which came with my first set of rechargeable batteries and then failed after a few recharges. 
49. We used this charger with a DC inverter on a 6000 mile road trip to charge batteries for a Sony DSC-H5 camera and the batteries were almost unbelievable with lasting power between charges. 
50. This rechargeable batteries was well built with stylish. 
51. Have three cameras that use these batteries, still going strong, so is the charger.  
52. The display is very nice as is the ability to charge individual batteries instead of having to do it in a pair.  
53. I manage rechargeable batteries for a company of 45+ people, and this charger is the best I've used -- and we've been through four vendors at this point.  
54. That was an okay charger, but lacked the refresh cycle and required batteries to be paired for charging.  
55. This Sony charger uses better-designed tabs to hold the batteries in place -- much better!
56. In our office that's okay -- we use those batteries for wireless keyboards, mice, and pagers.  
57. For what it's worth, I'm using it primarily with Sanyo Eneloop batteries at this point, though I do still use a few Sony batteries as well.  
58. It works for both AA and AAA batteries, which is great. 
59. This is supposed to help the life of certain types of batteries but I have not seen much difference in my Ni-MH batteries (but I think that they are not supposed to be affected anyways).So overall: great product, great price. 
60. This is supposed to help the life of certain types of batteries but I have not seen much difference in my Ni-MH batteries (but I think that they are not supposed to be affected anyways).So overall: great product, great price. 
61. It continues to power the same batteries and I feel good knowing I am helping the environment and my bank account. 
62. Be careful when shopping for your batteries.  
63. When first shopping for batteries I figured "a battery is a battery, right?"  
64. It takes a couple hours for these batteries to charge, so my spare set of batteries ends up sitting around in a drawer for a long time while I am trying to drain the juice in the batteries in my camera.
65. It takes a couple hours for these batteries to charge, so my spare set of batteries ends up sitting around in a drawer for a long time while I am trying to drain the juice in the batteries in my camera.
66. I know now that this extreme heat was killing my batteries. 
67. It does a very good job of recharging good batteries.
68. I got this set about 6 months ago and after the first month these batteries have stayed in a drawer...only because I'm not sure where to recycle them.  
69. On average, I probably recharged the batteries every 2 weeks. 
70. While the charger is fine, these batteries are the worst I've ever used. 
71. They are good for about two days in a digital camera (under 100 pictures).I had the batteries replaced under warranty; the new ones are just as bad. 
72. Sony AA rechargeable batteries are defective by design, apparently. 
73. Even Kodak batteries are far superior to this Sony garbage.Fully charge the batteries in this charger. 
74. Camera won't even turn on.These batteries are a complete waste of money. 
75. The possibility of refreshing the batteries is very convenient and works fine. 
76. I was able to check what batteries were bad and recover the full charge in batteries that had some "memory" effect. 
77. I was able to check what batteries were bad and recover the full charge in batteries that had some "memory" effect. 
78. The batteries, when fully charged, last about 1.5 days in my camera, and that after having taken less than 10 pictures with flash.  
79. 2700 mAh Ni-MH batteries sounded great, but my old 1600 mAh batteries last 10 times as long. 
80. 2700 mAh Ni-MH batteries sounded great, but my old 1600 mAh batteries last 10 times as long. 
81. At full charge, these batteries fail after 5-10 photos in my Canon A710IS camera. 
82. And it charges pretty fast which is another desirable thing.The batteries delivered with it are excellent.
83. My old batteries are more durable now after charging with this. 
84. Most inexpensive chargers use a very high rate of charge that over heat your batteries and shorten there life.Fast chargers are not good for your batteies.This charger charges at a safe rate and your batteries always get just warm.Sony gives you a set(4)of 2700 mah capacity batterys that is the highest capacity at this time and great for power hungry electronics.The BCG-34hrmf4 is differant than most fast chargers in that each cell has a seperate charge curcuit and a cell discharger called a "refresh" (button).Use the refresh button to fully discharge half used batteries before charging also,use the button every second or third time discharged batteries are charged. 
85. Most inexpensive chargers use a very high rate of charge that over heat your batteries and shorten there life.Fast chargers are not good for your batteies.This charger charges at a safe rate and your batteries always get just warm.Sony gives you a set(4)of 2700 mah capacity batterys that is the highest capacity at this time and great for power hungry electronics.The BCG-34hrmf4 is differant than most fast chargers in that each cell has a seperate charge curcuit and a cell discharger called a "refresh" (button).Use the refresh button to fully discharge half used batteries before charging also,use the button every second or third time discharged batteries are charged. 
86. Your devise like a camera will tell you when there discharged to the proper level to recharge.These batterys should be discharged to minimum voltage but not dead.This charger will take 4-5 hours (or more)to discharge (refresh) and charge your batteries.If your on the road and using a camera that uses 4-aa rechargeable batteries have two sets.After a day of shooting put in a fresh set into your camera and refresh and charge the other set overnight but take them with you the next day of shooting.Your spare batteries should be stores in plastic containers or equivalent as they can short out on metal objects.
87. Your devise like a camera will tell you when there discharged to the proper level to recharge.These batterys should be discharged to minimum voltage but not dead.This charger will take 4-5 hours (or more)to discharge (refresh) and charge your batteries.If your on the road and using a camera that uses 4-aa rechargeable batteries have two sets.After a day of shooting put in a fresh set into your camera and refresh and charge the other set overnight but take them with you the next day of shooting.Your spare batteries should be stores in plastic containers or equivalent as they can short out on metal objects.
88. The charger & batteries do everything as advertised.  
89. Charges in a decent amount of time and the batteries holds a charge for good amount of time.  
90. I purchased this set to get a better charger and a new set of batteries. 
91. My old batteries are like that now. 
92. My old batteries used to be good for months. 
93. I had some Energizer batteries that were great, but haven't been able to find the same ones anywhere. 
94. Very nice charger, I have recommended it to anyone with rechargeable AA batteries. 
95. Helps batteries last a long LONG time. 
96. Only use it occasionally on old NiMH batteries will be good enough.  
97. So, say I want to charge the 4 empty 2700mAh AA batteries bundled with my charger (you may get different capacity now), it will take at most 2700/525 = 5 hours 9 minutes.  
98. I had the last generation of this charger and batteries, and it worked great. 
99. The 2200 mAmp Batteries are very strong! 
100. Love the digital display as to make sure you cycle the batteries correctly. 
101. It's also useful to know which batteries are done charging instead of guessing. 
102. Only one problem if you are in a rush to use your product buy a set of regular batteries too. these dont come charged.It has been five years; i am now on my second set of batteries and the charger has survuved five years. very good for a charger.
103. Only one problem if you are in a rush to use your product buy a set of regular batteries too. these dont come charged.It has been five years; i am now on my second set of batteries and the charger has survuved five years. very good for a charger.
104. The charger is incredibly slow, only usable for overnight charging, and the batteries won't hold a charge for any decent length of time.  
105. it charges batteries with no other function in life.  
106. It came with 4 Sony NI-MH 2500mah batteries. 
107. SIMPLE ..put batteries in, unfold plug in prongs, stick in the wall socket...wait till light goes out, remove fresh batteries.  
108. Also I find it very slow to charge the batteries. 
109. The batteries take a few hours to charge and that's OK.  
110. I'm so disgusted with them, I would have been better off buying alkaline batteries by the bulk pack.  
111. The alkaline batteries last much longer than the rechargable ones.  
112. I've always hated rechargeable batteries, untill I've found the problem was not on the batteries, it was on the chargers. 
113. Then I purchased this one.I have this charger for about two years now and I still use the batteries that came with it, they still work fine.Sadly, it charges only AA and AAA batteries, and I really miss a good charger for 9V batteries...
114. The individual displays showing charge condition of the separate batteries provides all needed info.
115. I used the battery from July 2010 to Dec. 2010 in my Fuji HS10 digital camera, less than 10 times, with sony Charger.The charger is OK, but the batteries is useless after 5 times, it is only less than 20 shot (no flash-shot).It should be up to 300 shots. 
116. The first time I used the batteries, it is about 350 shots without much flash-shots.Then, I tried refresh function of sony charger, but it doesn't work.I'm very disappointed.It is waste of money on sony batteries.
117. The first time I used the batteries, it is about 350 shots without much flash-shots.Then, I tried refresh function of sony charger, but it doesn't work.I'm very disappointed.It is waste of money on sony batteries.
118. Batteries charged fine in the U.S. using a friends charger.  
119. The charges works best with the rechargeable batteries made by the company Digital.  
120. I'm back to using reliable alkaline batteries. 
121. It charges only high quality battries regardless of how old the battery is or how many times it was charged before but it does not charge cheap low quality Ni-MH batteries.  
122. A compact, well designed, multi-voltage charger with good visual feedback and the always handy refresh function to keep batteries healthy.  
123. The included Sony batteries are great as well.
124. This unit is great for refreshing and charging rechargeable batteries. 
125. The charger works best with Sony batteries and the process is not that fast (several hours). 
126. These aren't the only Sony rechargeable batteries I've used. 
127. I switched to Eneloop batteries and they are much better. 
128. I'll talk about that later).Something else to keep in mind,I was real bummed when my digital camera only took a couple of sets of pictures before dying on me... after researching to see if it was my camera or my new Sony batteries, I came to realize that the first 3-4 times you use the batteries... they don't FULLY charge. 
129. Let's say they last 5 hours with your device... once you start notice a decrease to perhaps 4 hours, it's time to press the magic refresh button on the charger, and 'renew' your batteries for one more go! 
130. I purchased 2 extra sets of batteries from eBay (cheaper) bringing my total number of Sony batteries to 12 allowing me to power 2 Xbox remotes, 2 Wii remotes, and my Wii Fit board (takes 4 batteries, yikes!).
131. I purchased 2 extra sets of batteries from eBay (cheaper) bringing my total number of Sony batteries to 12 allowing me to power 2 Xbox remotes, 2 Wii remotes, and my Wii Fit board (takes 4 batteries, yikes!).
132. This was my first experience with rechargeable "everyday" batteries, and I was very surprised and disappointed with the lack of battery life in the Sony batteries.  
133. After a few frustrating rounds of this, I gave up and bought disposable batteries for my remotes.  
134. The charger guarantees you will always have battery power provided you are smart enough to remember to put your used batteries into the unit for a recharge or a refresh!  
135. This is a great deal considering the hundreds of alkaline batteries I'd have gone through in the lifespan of these NiMH batteries. 
136. I also use this charger to recharge the non-sony AAA batteries I use in my cordless mouse, remote controls, etc.
137. Its great for your batteries to be able to refresh them before charging. 
138. I complained to amazon and they were nice enough to send me a replacement, but there was the same problem with the new batteries as well.  
139. It charges the included four 2700mah batteries without any problems.  
140. I use this charger and batteries with my digitial camera (Olympus SP-510) and am very satisfied with the performance.
141. The charger is functional and stylish and charges the batteries quickly with the accurate LED display showing you the progress all along the way. 
142. I have had this charger for over 4 years and it has never let me down.While this charger is more costly than others it also works better than any other charger I have ever used, and I have a drawer full of chargers.The first trip I brought this charger on was to a country that had terrible power and the charger works perfectly while other people in our group had problems.The best thing about this charger is that it uses a power cord like I use on my Laptop which not only elimates blocked outlets but allows me to put the charger on a table top.Features none of my other chargers have that I think makes this charger a rock star:*LCD display that show charging status for each individual battery*Refresh cycle that brings back batteries that I thought were ready for the recycle bin*Uses laptop type power cord without having a wall transformer blocking other outlets*Backlite display so I can see the status in low light*Automatically switches power for use in countries that are not 110 volt power with 60 cyclesThis is the charger I always recommend to my friends and they have all told me they like it as much as I do!!
143. It's a nice well built charger.I would have preferred a wall mount option though since my studio has very limited desk space.The refresh button is great, really essential for ni-mh batteries. 
144. I charged the Sony batteries for several hours and shot maybe 50-60 shots with no problem. 
145. So make sure your existing batteries are these sizes at least.  
146. After doing that and waiting a few hours, when I test them, those batteries test good. 
147. About 1/3 of my batteries will no longer charge and having to use the dumb charger is more of a pain. 
148. With this unit I can now match the bettery batteries together and the weaker ones I can attempt a restore that the unit also provides.Definately a 5 Star unit!
149. I am so happy with this product - both the charger and the 4 batteries are great value at a great price with a speedy delivery! 
150. I'm very happy with this Battery Charger, It's very faster to charge batteries and indicate me all the information that I must to know in the proccess, is the better Battery Charger that I have seen.
151. I wish I had thought of doing this sooner, it would have saved me a lot of money and stress keeping full batteries in my speed light.The unit is small and light and has universal voltage which was a big selling point for me as I see travel in my future. 
152. The best charger I ever had but the Duracell pre-charged batteries are better than the Sony's that come along.
153. 5 stars for great batteries charger. 
154. Faster charger.2700 AA batteries Rules!
155. Better $value than most other retailers; still does the trick and charges the batteries for a reasonable amount of power.
156. These batteries are far superior to all the other batteries I have tried.  
157. These batteries are far superior to all the other batteries I have tried.  
158. I would just plug in the charger in the evening and by morning my batteries were ready to go. 
159. Had no idea how unhappy I was with Eveready batteries until I used the Sony.I bought extra Eveready batteries so that I would always have some charged up and ready to go, but the Evereadies were "Neveready!"
160. Had no idea how unhappy I was with Eveready batteries until I used the Sony.I bought extra Eveready batteries so that I would always have some charged up and ready to go, but the Evereadies were "Neveready!"
161. Neat device, charges both 4x AA and 4x AAA, quality built, led indicator is a plus, tells you the ongoing status, 5-hour full charge cycle, 2700mAh batteries, what more can I ask for.  
162. I keep it next to my computer to charge AA batteries for my bluetooth keyboard and mouse, and the batteries last approximately 1.5 days before they need another charge.  
163. If I put the exact same batteries into my $15 energizer charger I bought from walgreens, they last for weeks.  
164. This is regardless of whether I use the new Sony batteries that came with the device, or the energizers I get from walgreens.It's also very aggressive about reporting that batteries are past their usable lifetime.  
165. This is regardless of whether I use the new Sony batteries that came with the device, or the energizers I get from walgreens.It's also very aggressive about reporting that batteries are past their usable lifetime.  
166. At the same time, however, I ordered a pack of 4 AAA batteries, also by Sony, and have been using those same batteries with this charger ever since to power a Sansa m240 MP3 player. 
167. Sometimes I've forgotten that I've put a battery in the charger and leave it charging overnight, which doesn't seem to affect the battery or charger adversely.If I were rating this charger only with regards to its ability to charge AAA batteries, I'd rate it higher. 
168. I was excited to get these batteries, because I had a set of old sony batteries that lasted me 5 years with consistent power.I got these batteries in the mail and immediately charged them and went outside and took a couple of pictures. 
169. I was excited to get these batteries, because I had a set of old sony batteries that lasted me 5 years with consistent power.I got these batteries in the mail and immediately charged them and went outside and took a couple of pictures. 
170. I thought maybe my camera drained them, but when I put in the replacements, they were dead too.This happened multiple times, with the length the batteries worked lasting between 3 and 5 days. 
171. That is completely unacceptable in my opinion.I would highly recommend getting "Pre-charged" Rechargeable batteries, because their shelf life while not being used is much longer.
172. Most are very basic "straight to the point" chargers, which is why this one interested me.Right off the bat, the charger looks nice - it's got a stylish white design (much like Eneloop batteries), but unlike most chargers this one uses an AC power cord (opposed to the flip-out prongs most use). 
173. It also has a "flip down" cover - this again can be good or bad (good in that it keeps everything looking clean, and "protects"/holds the batteries in), bad in that it's an extra piece to worry about.Now the great things about the charger are the refresh button (which drains all the batteries then fully charges them - unlike most chargers which simply fill them up from their existing amounts) - this supposedly gives better charges (batteries last longer/work better). 
174. It also has a "flip down" cover - this again can be good or bad (good in that it keeps everything looking clean, and "protects"/holds the batteries in), bad in that it's an extra piece to worry about.Now the great things about the charger are the refresh button (which drains all the batteries then fully charges them - unlike most chargers which simply fill them up from their existing amounts) - this supposedly gives better charges (batteries last longer/work better). 
175. I wish they'd just sell the charger by itself as the "combo" price makes it a bit expensive if you don't need the batteries.Overall works great, has nice functionality to it and comes with a pack of 2700mAH batteries if you need them. 
176. I wish they'd just sell the charger by itself as the "combo" price makes it a bit expensive if you don't need the batteries.Overall works great, has nice functionality to it and comes with a pack of 2700mAH batteries if you need them. 
177. This is actually a good thing as the 15-minute chargers harm the batteries.. 
178. You can charge individual batteries, in case you have something that requires 3 or 1 which is really usefull. 
179. I charges fairly quickly but do not expect it to be 10 minutes, but I have no rush since the SONY batteries last sooo long. 
180. I have a Nikon Coolpix P50 and I took and reviewed almost 1000 photos and a video with a single pair of batteries and only use the second one when I needed to copy the photos to the computer.The feature of that display with the exact charge of each battery is wonderful, used it even to measure some already charged batteries.
181. I have used it several times and I know I can depend on it to protect may batteries and I get the best possible charging that I need. 
182. Like others before me, the batteries last AT BEST only 10 days whether used or sitting idle. 
183. They do not hold a charge very well.Took 2 heavy duty batteries in a comparison test and I found that they lasted longer than my Sony batteries (fully charged). 
184. Their safety orange color means you won't accidentally throw them away (Both Energizer and Rayovac look too similar to their regular batteries).THE GOOD: Sleek design, LCD Display, no AC adaptor power brick, somewhat fast 4 hour recharge, refresh button drains batteries before recharging.The BAD: Plastic door is a little flimsy -- drop it once, and I'm sure it'll break off.  
185. Batteries are untouchably hot immediately after recharge. 
186. A great charging unit with high capacity batteries. 
187. The reasons I give it 5 stars are as follows:The batteries supplied are 2700 mAH, which is probably the highest rating (haven't seen any higher rated AA batteries) - this means longer life per charge.The Memory Refresh function is an absolute must. 
188. ...suppose your batteries still have 25% juice left when you decide to recharge them (as you want full strength batteries before you start a new photo shoot day tomorrow). 
189. The fully recharged batteries will run dry on a 75% drain (25% is lost due to the memory effect). 
190. And believe me 2700 mAH makes a positive difference.This one isn't bulky at all and does not weigh much.Further, IT'S A SONY.In a nut shell, if you are not always in a hurry trying to charge in a jiffy, a world traveler (believe me, the odd overseas trip too will mean you don't need a new charger that works on 240V) and would want the highest rated/capacity Sony batteries then you don't have too many other options.Hope this will help you decide (and yes - I am NO Sony agent, just a fan)
191. The only problem was that the batteries it came with were DOA.
192. I like being able to fully dischage the batteries occasionally before re-charging and this charger does that. 
193. The analog charging display for each for the 4 batteries is a worthy feature. 
194. Bought it for charging batteries for my Sony PCM-50 handheld recorder.
195. I think the charger is fine, but the batteries are worthless. 
196. The charge cycle is quite fast, the design is good-looking and functional, and the refresh feature has restored quite a bit of lost capacity to some of my older batteries.By the way, to answer an issue raised in a previous review, you know that a battery is fully charged when the LCD display stops flashing for that battery.
197. I have since switched to another two sets of similar batteries from another name brand and gained some confidence back on the technology.
198. Older model Sony charger has a swing out plug built in and does not need a cord. 2700 mAh batteries have long life in Canon PS SX10 camera.
199. don't get this unit thinking, "o cool it comes with batteries."  
200. I chose not to go with the La Crosse Technology BC-900 because of comments that said sometimes it can't read batteries that are still ok because of its sensing feature for bad batteries.  
201. I chose not to go with the La Crosse Technology BC-900 because of comments that said sometimes it can't read batteries that are still ok because of its sensing feature for bad batteries.  
202. It allows the user to refresh the batteries so that the gauge used to see if the batteries are full is accurate unlike other battery chargers. 
203. The restore capabilities that it has for the batteries is a great feature.
204. charger is great, batteries are crap, steer clear.  
205. Purchased this charger in Sept 2006 which came with Sony Brand 2700mah rechargeable batteries. 
206. I had purchased Energizer rechargeable batteries with a cute "automatic" charger included. 
207. The batteries gave outstanding performance compared to the pricey alkalines. 
208. The Sony BCG-34HRMD4 seemed optimal because of the following: (1) very reasonable price with the four great batteries included, (2) universal 110-240 voltage, (3) no-frills individual indication of the charging process, (4) rejuvenate function - very handy even for NiMH batteries, (5) ease of use - it was going to be used by several people with differing degrees of tech expertise.I didn't want a super-duper split-second blink-your-eye quick charger because I am not in a real hurry to get the batteries charged plus high charging currents heat up the batteries to a boil and shorten their life span. 
209. The Sony BCG-34HRMD4 seemed optimal because of the following: (1) very reasonable price with the four great batteries included, (2) universal 110-240 voltage, (3) no-frills individual indication of the charging process, (4) rejuvenate function - very handy even for NiMH batteries, (5) ease of use - it was going to be used by several people with differing degrees of tech expertise.I didn't want a super-duper split-second blink-your-eye quick charger because I am not in a real hurry to get the batteries charged plus high charging currents heat up the batteries to a boil and shorten their life span. 
210. The Sony BCG-34HRMD4 seemed optimal because of the following: (1) very reasonable price with the four great batteries included, (2) universal 110-240 voltage, (3) no-frills individual indication of the charging process, (4) rejuvenate function - very handy even for NiMH batteries, (5) ease of use - it was going to be used by several people with differing degrees of tech expertise.I didn't want a super-duper split-second blink-your-eye quick charger because I am not in a real hurry to get the batteries charged plus high charging currents heat up the batteries to a boil and shorten their life span. 
211. The Refresh feature does extend the usable life of older batteries.  
212. Charging time is fairly quick unless the batteries are fully discharged in which case they need to be topped off for a full charge (let them cool and place them back in the charger one more time).  
213. Went on vacation and took a couple hundred pics and towards the end of those pics I changed the batteries to fresh ones simply because the warning came on...they'd have gone a bit longer.  
214. I love the refresh feature when you start having issues with your older batteries.
215. More than pleasantly surprised with the quality of the charger and amazed by the modern high-tech batteries supplied in the kit. 
216. The 2700 mAmp batteries are great -- much more longlasting than the usual 2000 or 2200 type, and worth perhaps half the cost of the unit.
217. OK, I didn't buy this device for the batteries, but for to have a highly functional and relatively small charger for my collection of NiMH's and Hybrid batteries when I travel, which I do a great deal.As a charger it is fine. 
218. They are a little harder to find, but the additional life is nice.I use the batteries mostly in my Nikon Speedlight and as an auxiliary power supply for my Nikon D80 camera.  
219. The lifetime of the batteries is phenomenal, more than double and alkaline battery life.I especially liked the "Refresh" feature which completely discharges then recharges, extending the life of batteries.The slow recharge time can be inconvenient, but I make up for this by having a few additional batteries on hand.However, after about 10 months of intermittent use, the left two compartments seem to stop charging.  
220. The lifetime of the batteries is phenomenal, more than double and alkaline battery life.I especially liked the "Refresh" feature which completely discharges then recharges, extending the life of batteries.The slow recharge time can be inconvenient, but I make up for this by having a few additional batteries on hand.However, after about 10 months of intermittent use, the left two compartments seem to stop charging.  
221. The lifetime of the batteries is phenomenal, more than double and alkaline battery life.I especially liked the "Refresh" feature which completely discharges then recharges, extending the life of batteries.The slow recharge time can be inconvenient, but I make up for this by having a few additional batteries on hand.However, after about 10 months of intermittent use, the left two compartments seem to stop charging.  
222. This is a great charger from Sony for charging AA and AAA rechargeable batteries. 
223. I don't think it would be a good idea to charge AA and AAA batteries at the same time (i.e. in parallel) even though it might seem like a quick way to charge those two kinds of batteries.As far as charging speed goes, this charger does a decent job at 4 hours. 
224. This is the best battery charger out there and the batteries are really powerful and holds a charge well. 4 years and going.
225. The batteries are good even now. 
226. This is a great charger and it charges in about an hour so you can have charged batteries. the bateries are a little expensive but its worth the money.
227. But when I use Sanyo eneloop batteries, it works fine.The charger also started giving problem. 
228. Great charger and great batteries, too. 
229. Not so in this case, the batteries are top of the line. 
230. The charger takes a very long time to charge batteries (theSanyo Eneloop AA/AAA 4 Position Charger And 4 Rechargeable AA Batteries With Eneloop Rechargeable AA Battery 4 Packdoesn't take that long & the eneloop batteries hold a charge very well). 
231. The charger takes a very long time to charge batteries (theSanyo Eneloop AA/AAA 4 Position Charger And 4 Rechargeable AA Batteries With Eneloop Rechargeable AA Battery 4 Packdoesn't take that long & the eneloop batteries hold a charge very well). 
232. While charging the charger and batteries get very hot. 
233. I have also purchasedDuracell Pre Charged Rechargeable NiMH AA Batteries, 4-Packbatteries and they are far better the Sony batteries.Maybe I got a batch of lemons but I cannot make lemonaid here.I would not recommend these Sony batteries or this Sony charger to anyone. 
234. I was intrigued by the refresh function on this one so I bought it and found that the refresh really does help on older batteries. 
235. And they seem to power my devices for less time than alkaline (non disposable) batteries as well.If I knew what brand to get instead, I would throw these away and buy them. 
236. But the Sony rechargeable batteries have made me distrust NiMH rechargeables altogether. 
237. These batteries last a really long time.  
238. THE GOOD: Sleek design, LCD Display (very easy to check how much the battries are charged), refresh Function (will drain batteries before recharging)The BAD: The batteries are untouchably hot after recharge. 
239. THE GOOD: Sleek design, LCD Display (very easy to check how much the battries are charged), refresh Function (will drain batteries before recharging)The BAD: The batteries are untouchably hot after recharge. 
240. The charger itself is very good, no complaints - it shows charge progress, able to charge anywhere between 1 and 4 batteries at once.However, like many other people, I did experience an issue with this particular set of included Sony batteries - NiMH 2700 mAh CycleEnergy. 
241. The charger itself is very good, no complaints - it shows charge progress, able to charge anywhere between 1 and 4 batteries at once.However, like many other people, I did experience an issue with this particular set of included Sony batteries - NiMH 2700 mAh CycleEnergy. 
242. I also purchased these batteries which don't have same issue:Sony 2500 mAh AA Rechargeable Nimh Batteries, 4-pack. 
243. New rechargeable batteries purchased separately are much better but still only last one and a half rounds in my Garmin approach
244. I put in the same batteries in a remote control for a stereo system, and it works so it's not like I didn't charge the batteries properly.
245. Best feature set and best batteries (2300mah) for the price. 
246. Having flown remote control model airplanes for many years, I was aware of the importance of cycling batteries for proper maintenance. 
247. High capacity batteries can lose 30% of their charge in a month.  
248. This new technology offers consumers the convenience of a ready-to-use rechargeable battery that is longer lasting and environmentally friendly.Amazon sells the batteries, alone, for $15.If you buy rechargeable batteries for, say, a portable radio and recharge them every few weeks or so, almost any rechargeable battery will do. 
249. This new technology offers consumers the convenience of a ready-to-use rechargeable battery that is longer lasting and environmentally friendly.Amazon sells the batteries, alone, for $15.If you buy rechargeable batteries for, say, a portable radio and recharge them every few weeks or so, almost any rechargeable battery will do. 
250. Had this item for about 5 months and have already done about 20 charges of varies rechargeable batteries, both AA and AAA. 
251. Also, the batteries that are provided last a long time once charged fully. 
252. I just wish we could buy additional sony batteries with the same AA typ 2700mAh NI-MH. 
253. I really like the fact that you can refresh the batteries before charging them ,,, that way you can make sure that your batteries are getting a full charge eb=very time.. 
254. Sony BCG-34HRMD4 (mind you, it is NOT 'Super Quick')Pro:Sony BCG-34HRMD4 has LCD readout of progress/failure for each oneIMHO, I'd say that (unless you are forever in a mad rush) the LCDscreen (which indicates each battery's status) outweighs AA & AAANiMH chargers made by Rayovac or Energizer (although 15 minutes).Con:The two other brands (which are comparable for results) charge in15 minutes (stated claim; you argue with them, not me).These two brands are- Rayovac 15-Minute (IC3 technology) (there's one w/ car adapter)(you can get spotty/bad info by doing a Search for B0000A1OFY )- Energizer 15-Minute chargers and batteries (Search B0000DIIAS )(note well that the Energizer people make/sell three different AAbatteries that are rechargeable NiMH; they have different limits.Check and double-check (by walking into the physical store if youhave time and mobility) the different grades of AA batteries. 
255. Sony BCG-34HRMD4 (mind you, it is NOT 'Super Quick')Pro:Sony BCG-34HRMD4 has LCD readout of progress/failure for each oneIMHO, I'd say that (unless you are forever in a mad rush) the LCDscreen (which indicates each battery's status) outweighs AA & AAANiMH chargers made by Rayovac or Energizer (although 15 minutes).Con:The two other brands (which are comparable for results) charge in15 minutes (stated claim; you argue with them, not me).These two brands are- Rayovac 15-Minute (IC3 technology) (there's one w/ car adapter)(you can get spotty/bad info by doing a Search for B0000A1OFY )- Energizer 15-Minute chargers and batteries (Search B0000DIIAS )(note well that the Energizer people make/sell three different AAbatteries that are rechargeable NiMH; they have different limits.Check and double-check (by walking into the physical store if youhave time and mobility) the different grades of AA batteries. 
256. However, this one has visual charge level indicator per battery, accepts AA size battery, accepts AAA sized battery and conceals batteries in an internal compartment. 
257. It is also quite fast (refreshed and charged 4x2000mAh batteries in 6 hours whereas I had to charge them for 20 hours with my old "dumb" charger), and can refresh batteries.However, one of the biggest advantages, in my view, is the charger's small size and light weight, suitable for carrying it in a pocket, and universal worldwide voltage. 
258. It is also quite fast (refreshed and charged 4x2000mAh batteries in 6 hours whereas I had to charge them for 20 hours with my old "dumb" charger), and can refresh batteries.However, one of the biggest advantages, in my view, is the charger's small size and light weight, suitable for carrying it in a pocket, and universal worldwide voltage. 
259. Though it takes >4 hours to charge 4 AA batteries.I like its "refresh" function which allows to renew batteries' capacity.The batteries that came with it are not good: they last for about 4-5 days in my bluetooth mouse after a full charge. 
260. It must be plugged in with the batteries already installed, a bit inflexible and you can't put in one battery while another is charging. 
261. Nice charger and it works fast but I recommend that you use a Maha PowerEx charger to get the best out of Sony Batteries Maha PowerEx MH-C204W4AA27 - Battery charger - battery - rechargeable - AA x 4 - 2700 mAh. 
262. Like I said, it takes 5 hours (3 hours for the first indication plus 2 hours for a follow-up recharge).The great thing with this package is the batteries (not sure if made in Japan has anything to do with it).  
263. Great batteries.
264. I restored several of my older batteries that would no longer reach a full charge & it did a great job on them.Summary: Not fast, great at rejuvenating your old rechargables
265. These batteries work great when freshly charged, but do not expect them to hold a charge over time.  
266. I would say that when putting in new/recycled batteries it would take about 5 hours to charge. 
267. Not a big deal for me as I always have a spare set of batteries ready just incase.One thing that does bugs me is the battery level indicator. 
268. The batteries last a long time when using it in my camera flash. 
269. I have not tried any other batteries in it. 
270. Anyway, if you buy this...proceed with caution, and be prepared to shell out some extra cash for new batteries. 

negative sentences : 
1. I've tried the charger with the included Sony batteries as well as other brands, batteries that have worked fine in other chargers.  
2. I've tried the charger with the included Sony batteries as well as other brands, batteries that have worked fine in other chargers.  
3. I am using this batteries in my digital camera and they have plenty of life, the charging time is short (4 hours with 2 batteries), and they have 2700 mah, that is a lot of power for my camera. 
4. I am using this batteries in my digital camera and they have plenty of life, the charging time is short (4 hours with 2 batteries), and they have 2700 mah, that is a lot of power for my camera. 
5. Great on a Canon A640, can fill up 4 gb of photos before showing low batt warning, simply excellent batteries. 
6. Though many people say the batteries with the charger are not so good, I find they are good for me. 
7. I don't easily give 1-star ratings, and I'm surprising myself by doing this for a Sony product...I bought this combo for our excellent Canon SX-10IS camera at work, thinking at that price and with the Sony name you probably can't go wrong...On the upside, for roughly 30 bucks usually you don't get a set of brand-name batteries, and a charger with single-slot control (all the cheaper chargers only charge 2 cells at a time, so they'll overcharge or undercharge if you give them mismatched batteries), and microcontroller (the cheap chargers will only shut off with a timer boiling your batteries if they're full before the timer runs out).Anyway, the batteries stink in that two of them give me only about half their nominal capacity.And the charger stinks in that inevitably, if you just leave the batteries in, after a while one of the slots' LCD starts flashing fast indicating a defective cell. 
8. I don't easily give 1-star ratings, and I'm surprising myself by doing this for a Sony product...I bought this combo for our excellent Canon SX-10IS camera at work, thinking at that price and with the Sony name you probably can't go wrong...On the upside, for roughly 30 bucks usually you don't get a set of brand-name batteries, and a charger with single-slot control (all the cheaper chargers only charge 2 cells at a time, so they'll overcharge or undercharge if you give them mismatched batteries), and microcontroller (the cheap chargers will only shut off with a timer boiling your batteries if they're full before the timer runs out).Anyway, the batteries stink in that two of them give me only about half their nominal capacity.And the charger stinks in that inevitably, if you just leave the batteries in, after a while one of the slots' LCD starts flashing fast indicating a defective cell. 
9. I don't easily give 1-star ratings, and I'm surprising myself by doing this for a Sony product...I bought this combo for our excellent Canon SX-10IS camera at work, thinking at that price and with the Sony name you probably can't go wrong...On the upside, for roughly 30 bucks usually you don't get a set of brand-name batteries, and a charger with single-slot control (all the cheaper chargers only charge 2 cells at a time, so they'll overcharge or undercharge if you give them mismatched batteries), and microcontroller (the cheap chargers will only shut off with a timer boiling your batteries if they're full before the timer runs out).Anyway, the batteries stink in that two of them give me only about half their nominal capacity.And the charger stinks in that inevitably, if you just leave the batteries in, after a while one of the slots' LCD starts flashing fast indicating a defective cell. 
10. However, the Sony batteries included are almost useless because they lose their charge in a few days.  
11. And as many people say, it is not the fastest charger out there, but I've found it fairly reliable compared to some of the other faster chargers I've owned in the past.One of the most interesting aspects of this charger, and many slow chargers, is that it actually has the ability to charge some alkaline batteries that are on the market.  
12. this was useless for me...it seems to be working but the batteries dont last more that 4-5 photos in my Canon...I used the original batteries...I also tried the batteries with other chargers, still terrible...they dont keep the charge for more than a 2-3 days also...stay away from this product...
13. this was useless for me...it seems to be working but the batteries dont last more that 4-5 photos in my Canon...I used the original batteries...I also tried the batteries with other chargers, still terrible...they dont keep the charge for more than a 2-3 days also...stay away from this product...
14. this was useless for me...it seems to be working but the batteries dont last more that 4-5 photos in my Canon...I used the original batteries...I also tried the batteries with other chargers, still terrible...they dont keep the charge for more than a 2-3 days also...stay away from this product...
15. The best part i like abt this product is batteries, they are 2700 mAh, once charged the batteries last for > 1.5 days and abt 200 pictures. other features such as LCD screen and refresh functions are great.The down sides are, no car carger available for this product and it takes 3.5-4 hrs to completely charge 2-4 batteries.
16. The best part i like abt this product is batteries, they are 2700 mAh, once charged the batteries last for > 1.5 days and abt 200 pictures. other features such as LCD screen and refresh functions are great.The down sides are, no car carger available for this product and it takes 3.5-4 hrs to completely charge 2-4 batteries.
17. I tried different brand batteries too and it didn't work very well either. 
18. I meant the "new" 2500mAh batteries not the 2300mAh.
19. Third, the batteries are individually recharged, so you don't need to recharged them in pairs like in other cheaper chargers.Unlike the charger, the included Sony batteries are useless. 
20. Third, the batteries are individually recharged, so you don't need to recharged them in pairs like in other cheaper chargers.Unlike the charger, the included Sony batteries are useless. 
21. I've used it internationally and it worked well (wish it was a little more compact though)Batteries did not last as long as I hoped.  
22. I still only get about three rounds usage from the rechargeable batteries, but I'm not buying tons of alkaline batteries. 
23. I still only get about three rounds usage from the rechargeable batteries, but I'm not buying tons of alkaline batteries. 
24. The only draw back I have found is the shelf life of the recharged batteries is not good, but for my purpose this unit is the answer (a good buy).
25. I have been using this charger and batteries for more than 4 weeks. 
26. Supplied batteries charge amount is good, but it could not store power for more than a week. 
27. It also charges other brands of batteries just fine.  
28. I have some Kodak 1500mah batteries that I've been charging in it the past year (along with the Sony batteries).  
29. The length of the charge also depends on how many mah the batteries are.  
30. The bundled 2700mAh AA batteries each time were defective - couldn't hold a charge more than a couple of days.  
31. I got good, free service from Sony in getting the defective batteries replaced with working 2500mAh ones.As for this item's 'lousy everything' rating: So if I give 'lousy everything' a 1 star rating if I don't agree (i.e. it's bad at being lousy at everything) but 5 stars if it is really good at being 'lousy at everything'?  
32. Even sitting in the charger for a couple of days after they are done charging, you'll have dead batteries.For example, on Tuesday I took about 20 pictures, put the camera (Canon S3-IS) back in the case, thinking the batteries were hardly used at all.  
33. Got this charger because I'm tired of buying aa batteries. 
34. (In practice, this means I can top off one AA/AAA battery to match a set of two or three other charged batteries that I may have...very handy, and impossible with units that require charging in pairs!)
35. Batteries for my computer mouse, digital cameras, tooth brush, and much more are not worth buying all the time. 
36. The thing that most liked me is the fact that it only comes with AA batteries; most of the products being offered in the market support different types of batteries, leaving less room for the one you are using more frequently. 
37. The thing that most liked me is the fact that it only comes with AA batteries; most of the products being offered in the market support different types of batteries, leaving less room for the one you are using more frequently. 
38. In spite of the worthless batteries that came with it, I definitely like the charger itself.  
39. Correctly identifies dead batteries.  
40. They are just hard to find replacement sony batteries.
41. Although the original batteries are dead now, the charger still works for my other Sony rechargeable batteries. 
42. Although the original batteries are dead now, the charger still works for my other Sony rechargeable batteries. 
43. So the total number of recharges with the included 4 batteries were around 78, give or take.Amazon is currently selling 20 one-time charge batteries for around $10. 
44. So the total number of recharges with the included 4 batteries were around 78, give or take.Amazon is currently selling 20 one-time charge batteries for around $10. 
45. If I were to buy 4 packs of 20 one-time charge batteries, it would cost $40 for 80 batteries, and so I essentially saved $10 as I bought this product for $30.CONCLUSIONFor the 2009 price, I give this product 4 stars; knocking 1 star off for the low number of charges on each battery. 
46. Batteries are completely dead, four days after complete charge. 
47. Do not buy.EDIT:I contacted Sony for warranty replacement of the batteries, thinking they were defective. 
48. They eventually sent the wrong charger (a cheaper one) and the wrong batteries (lower capacity), failing to ever actually do anything for my problem.In the end, after many phone calls and voice messages and emails, I have a replacement set of batteries and second set of lower-capacity batteries. 
49. They eventually sent the wrong charger (a cheaper one) and the wrong batteries (lower capacity), failing to ever actually do anything for my problem.In the end, after many phone calls and voice messages and emails, I have a replacement set of batteries and second set of lower-capacity batteries. 
50. They eventually sent the wrong charger (a cheaper one) and the wrong batteries (lower capacity), failing to ever actually do anything for my problem.In the end, after many phone calls and voice messages and emails, I have a replacement set of batteries and second set of lower-capacity batteries. 
51. The replacement batteries are as bad as the "defective" set. 
52. It has 4 independent intelligent charging circuits, so you can charge 1-4 batteries in different states of charge. 
53. The refresh feature will restore many 'dead' batteries to some degree of usefullness. 
54. Great charger, but you will have to buy or own different batteries.
55. I don't know if I have defective batteries (all four) or if the charger is not providing a full charge even though the indicator shows it to be fully charged.I expected better from Sony than this.
56. The four 2700mA batteries (Sony label) that came with this charger are TOTALLY WORTHLESS. 
57. I won't trash the charger, but the batteries are useless for my camera application.
58. I'm using it for my digital camera batteries about one year. 
59. The batteries are not so good. 
60. Refresh function is a great feature, but it is really only useful if your batteries are charged in other chargers since this charger performs so well. 
61. Its take much time to full charge the batteries...
62. If I put freshly charged batteries in my camera, I can take a good number of pictures, but if I leave the batteries idle for any length of time, say a week, they're dead the next time I want to use them.
63. Contact Sony who replied, advised some more action with the batteries and said if that did not work they would replace them.
64. So far I'm not able to charge the batteries that came with it. 
65. I read the product reviews before buying this and thought it would be nice to use for our Wii system instead of countless alkaline batteries.  
66. Even when executing the looonnnnggg 'refresh' charge cycle, the batteries fared no better.  
67. I see from other reviews that the batteries that come with the charger are crap.  
68. Detected 2 bad AAA that an old charger never detected.Cons:Batteries come out a little hot.Not as hot compared to old charger.Heat is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries.Batteries that it came with had less than .9 volts measured with volt meter.Anything less than .9 volts is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries and isprobably the cause of high self discharge/inability to hold charge for longer periods.
69. Detected 2 bad AAA that an old charger never detected.Cons:Batteries come out a little hot.Not as hot compared to old charger.Heat is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries.Batteries that it came with had less than .9 volts measured with volt meter.Anything less than .9 volts is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries and isprobably the cause of high self discharge/inability to hold charge for longer periods.
70. Detected 2 bad AAA that an old charger never detected.Cons:Batteries come out a little hot.Not as hot compared to old charger.Heat is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries.Batteries that it came with had less than .9 volts measured with volt meter.Anything less than .9 volts is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries and isprobably the cause of high self discharge/inability to hold charge for longer periods.
71. Detected 2 bad AAA that an old charger never detected.Cons:Batteries come out a little hot.Not as hot compared to old charger.Heat is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries.Batteries that it came with had less than .9 volts measured with volt meter.Anything less than .9 volts is supposed to be bad for nimh batteries and isprobably the cause of high self discharge/inability to hold charge for longer periods.
72. The Sony batteries are dead. 
73. It might have cost a few dollars more but I should have bought a plug-in charger (no cord) and batteries at a local home improvement store.
74. Besides the four batteries coming with it, I also used it to charge other NiMh batteries I have. 
75. And I also found after switching to this charger, I have a lot more batteries died than when I was using the slow overnight charger. 
76. I can't prove it is because of the charger, but I highly suspect that the charging cut-off mechanism was not design good enough to work with batteries other than SONY's, so batteris get overcharged each time, and died soon after. 
77. Sony's batteries are the worst.  
78. It took about 4 hours to complete charging 4AA batteries.This charger recognize the quality of rechargable batteries.  
79. My other charger (Trisonic brand) is dumber than Sony (I guess;) charger and keeps charging without recognizing wheather the rechargable battery I bought are quality or cheap brands.This product got my 4 stars only because I recently (July 2009) got this product and I do not know how long this charger (or the batteries that came with it) is going to last.
80. The batteries don't hold a charge if not in regular use so when I go to get my camera after not using it for awhile, the batteries are dead.  
81. I purchased these batteries less than two years ago. 
82. I have since switched to a different brand of rechargeable batteries and am having no problems with those.I had the same type of experience with the AAA version of these batteries as well, also used in a Sony charger.
83. She uses this all the time with other batteries I bought for her. 
84. Since then, I have purchased some Energizer batteries, but I haven't used them yet because I still have fresh disposable batteries in the devices.  
85. Finally the batteries have given up the ghost and will no longer hold a charge, so I'm back to buy more of the batteries as the charger still works perfectly. 
86. So, the included batteries you get are actually 2700mAh instead of 2300.When you take that in to consideration and subtract the value of the batteries, you're getting a VERY nice chargerwith an LCD for about $13.No, it isn't "super quick" by any comparison other than overnight trickle chargers. 
87. I don't know if the charger is bad or I got a bad set of batteries.  
88. I read the Amazon reviews and hoped my batteries would be the exception but as others had warned the batteries are unable to hold their charge for more than a day or two. 
89. The charger, otherwise seemed to charge most of my batteries.  
90. These batteries lasted less than 50 cycles... 
91. The batteries, on the other hand, can be called a total rip-off...
92. Three completely charged batteries are pretty worthless when the camera needs 4 fully powered batteries to take your photos.  
93. Then I have to take pairs of the "bad" batteries and charge them in the old non-smart charger.  
94. I have no real opinion on the 4 batteries that come with the charger - they seem as good if not better than any other brand. 
95. I use AA batteries in my sb600 flash for wedding and other portraiture and the batteries stayed juiced up and ready to go instantly for the duration of the wedding. 
96. I use AA batteries in my sb600 flash for wedding and other portraiture and the batteries stayed juiced up and ready to go instantly for the duration of the wedding. 
97. My favorite thing about it is that it indicates which batteries are no longer able to hold a charge.  
98. All my other chargers go through the charging cycle even for dead batteries - and they charge in pairs - meaning that if you charge a dead one and a good battery together, you don't realize it.  
99. Was thoroughly pleased with this choice, it fully charges the batteries in about 4 hours ( I know, not too fast but well worth the wait) the batteries then lasted a full week with me taking pictures daily.  
100. It came with 4 AA batteries which are worthless, and won't even run a simple battery-operated clock. 
101. I don't have any other AA rechargeable batteries to test with this, and I'm not going to buy some just so I can perform some tests to try to see if the problem is with the charger or the batteries. 
102. Sure it saves on the cost of replacing batteries but it is sad when I need to carry the extra set of 2 along as I know my device will need them before too long.
103. The discharge feature is a great addition if you have some old batteries that won't recharge efficiently due to battery memory.The top lid however feels a little wonky. 
104. Don't know how many rechargeable batteries I've retired over the last few years because of memory effect.. this solves that issue brilliantly with the 'refresh' function, as well as not overcharging once the batteries are fully charged (the heat generated from overcharging can also damage rechargeable batteries). 
105. Don't know how many rechargeable batteries I've retired over the last few years because of memory effect.. this solves that issue brilliantly with the 'refresh' function, as well as not overcharging once the batteries are fully charged (the heat generated from overcharging can also damage rechargeable batteries). 
106. Purchased the Sony BCG-34HRMF4 battery charger specifically for the Canon SX10IS camera I recently purchased, but this is great for any Ni-MH rechargeable, both AA and AAA size, and I'm now replacing all the batteries in the house accordingly, particularly the TV and video remotes.The 4 batteries supplied with the charger are Sony 2700mAh rated AA rechargeable Ni-MH batteries, which is actually better than I expected!
107. I would not recommend the Sony 2700mAh NiMH batteries due to the extremely rapid self discharge.
108. The voltage level drops so rapidly and the batteries are unusable after 2 to 3 days for digital camera.  
109. the cheap sanyo charger can charge the batteries the la cross rejects and the la cross will be able to refresh your batteries, giving them a great boost in capacity and increasing the overall life of the battery.  
110. Batteries stopped taking charges in less than 6 months. 
111. I've also used the Sony batteries in numerous applications -- flashlights, clocks, remove controls, etc. with good results.  
112. Refresh and recharge the 2700's again, can power up and take shots immedicately, but after about a day or so, the batteries are dead.  
113. Refresh and recharge a set of Sony 2500mah with the same charger and they work great(hold charge).Used a non-brand charger for the 2700s; charges fine, but after about 2 days, the batteries are dead again.  
114. It has already diagnosed two bad batteries that the other chargers ignored and attempted to charge anyway. 
115. Taking into account the value of the included batteries, this charger is cheaper and more feature rich than other popular battery manufacturer's chargers.The only negative is that the unit should have a on/off switch so that the batteries can be changed out without unplugging the unit.The other chargers were donated to a charity store. 
116. Taking into account the value of the included batteries, this charger is cheaper and more feature rich than other popular battery manufacturer's chargers.The only negative is that the unit should have a on/off switch so that the batteries can be changed out without unplugging the unit.The other chargers were donated to a charity store. 
117. The dead batteries were turned in for recycling.
118. Nothing broke in the charger except that someone took off the top lid and lost it - no big deal because the batteries get better cooling without it. 
119. It's just the recent Sony batteries I'm downgrading.
120. I have fully charged both sets of batteries numerous times and they won't hold a charge.  
121. Every time I go to use my Sony digital camera the batteries are dead.  
122. I get 4 rounds of gold out of regular batteries and have yet to get a single round out of the rechargeable batteries.
123. I get 4 rounds of gold out of regular batteries and have yet to get a single round out of the rechargeable batteries.
124. I believe I received faulty batteries with this charger. 
125. The batteries are the worst re-chargeable batteries ever! 
126. The batteries are the worst re-chargeable batteries ever! 
127. I don't recommend buying this product unless you are only buying the charger.The charger works on other re-chargeable batteries and I recommend buying the "Duracell" brand. 
128. The charger is nice, but the batteries cannot hold the charges. 
129. I don't dislike all Sony products - this combination simply doesn't work / didn't work for me.I have tried the charger with other batteries & it charges them but it is exceedingly slow & very warm if not hot to the touch.Go with Eneloop or Duracell Ni-MH - cost lest & last longer.
130. Then I purchased this unit and 8 more batteries. 
131. My plan was to use 4 and keep 4-8 charged "on standby" at all times, swapping them out as I needed them.The Sony rechargeable batteries suck too much to support my plan. 
132. I am giving this product a 1-star rating because of such a major quality issue with batteries which I believe is unacceptable from a famous brand like Sony.April 2011 Edit:================As suggested by another Amazon reviewer, I sent an email to Sony support explaining my situation with bad batteries, model and order information. 
133. I am giving this product a 1-star rating because of such a major quality issue with batteries which I believe is unacceptable from a famous brand like Sony.April 2011 Edit:================As suggested by another Amazon reviewer, I sent an email to Sony support explaining my situation with bad batteries, model and order information. 
134. Within a few days I've received email from Sony representative with instructions how to send defective batteries along with copy of order form for replacement using company's shipping account. 
135. Any combination of AA or AAA.6) Individual charging circuits allow charging odd number of batteries (some chargers require to charge in pairs.)I would not say this is at all a "quick" or "rapid" charger.  
136. For my uses, I do not need instant access to batteries.  
137. They are absolutely pathetic, the batteries discharge with in 10 minutes. 
138. No time to figure out for you the exact strengths Isaw in the store; suffice it to say that you want the maximum one(I think the capacity is 2500 mAh; the 2 others hold less juice).From what I saw by reading labels (super fine print, no pride) itseems that the AAA size NiMH Energizer cells come in only 1 power(I forget the strength, but it was less than any 1 of the 3 AA's)Even though you CAN find and buy a Sony or Energizer battery thatwill charge/work when using Sony/Energizer/Rayovac NiMH chargers,I seriously suggest that you opt for the Rayovac 15-minute cells.They might and probably will cost you more cash up front than theother two brands (Sony/Energizer), but it seems that Rayovac's 15minute technology has a lot to do with their cells/batteries, andthe other two makes are perhaps more passive. 
139. I'm using this charger in my home country (we have 220V power network) with a cord from my stereo :)EDIT:The batteries are useless, as many others have pointed out. 
140. Wish I could take away a star.Also, it may be a coincidence, but one of my other brand batteries died after refreshing and charging with this device (the charger indicates that the battery may have reached the end of its lifespan). 
141. It will recharge batteries that are completely dead, too. 
142. It outlasts all of my previous NiMH batteries.  
143. Batteries that came with are okay, no problems like others noticed.  
144. I don't know if it's because I need to recyle the batteries again because they're still new or if the indicators are not very accurate.The batteries do get a little hot so make sure you let them cool down for a few minutes before using them.One feature that I do like is the recycle mode. 
145. I use the batteries for my digital camera (Canon Powershot S2 IS). 
146. The batteries have an extremely short life when in use. 
147. I see that people simply bought different batteries, and it was fine. 
