
------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : space, positive Score : 43 and negative Score :-22
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. - Very compactFor a Canon S5, it's incredible how this bag does it's function to pack the camera without requiring additional space or weight as traditional bags will do. 
2. There isn't enough space provided even for an extra set of batteries, although there is enough room for an extra memory card (woopie).  
3. The case looks attractive and holds the camera in a compact manner with out much extra space. 
4. It has just enough space for the camera and an extra card if you need it.  
5. I ended up just sticking the camera in the diaper bag to cut down on space and bulk and my first camera got ruined because of it.  
6. In fact I wish it could be smaller by eliminating the space for accessories so it wouldn't look fat while it is on a belt.  
7. To be honest I have just enough space to keep 4 AA batteries and 2 SD card cases, in the netted pouch, and that was kinda pushing it.  
8. There is NO thought behind this product, it is a complete waste of time and space.  
9. It hold is perfectly and fits like a glove but with enough space for a set of 4 AA spare betteries for whenever the camera runs out of power.  
10. I will continue to use my existing camera bag, but am keeping this one for the times when I need a little extra cushioning or have space constraints. 
11. But, I have another case, slightly bigger by Case Logic that I'll still use for when I'm going to need the extra space for batteries and cables.
12. I added a 1/4 inch thick piece of rigid foam to cushion the space between the charger & camera. 
13. There isn't much extra space but that's ok because I don't want my new S3-IS bouncing around inside the bag like my old camera and bag.  
14. There isn't really space for any thing extra either.I bought a replacement at K-Mart by Case Logic. 
15. This feature has been really useful because I just leave my extra 512mb sd card in that pocket just in case I run out of space on my 1gb SD card. 
16. Although this does not have storage space, it is a good purchase for the money.  
17. I read all the reviews before buying this case.The best thing about this is: the camera fits in properly with a little space for an additional set of batteries too.I would have preferred if it came with a neck strap but overall satisfied and there are no other better products in the market I feel.A worth buy for this awesome camera
18. It LOOKS nice, and I suppose it gets the job done in terms of protecting the camera from bumps and bruises in the woods, but I'm not sure I can recommend it since it lacks space for extra batteries etc.It seems they could have done a better job with the flap too. 
19. It's good and compact, but I miss extra space to carry extra batteries and extra memory
20. This is a very good bag and has just the right amount of space and padding.
21. This is a small case; it only holds the camera, but it's just right if you want to protect the camera without taking up much space.  
22. There is no space in the case for extra batteries either!
23. Can be used when only you are hard pressed for space in a small piece luggage when you travel. 
24. I like to carry spare batteries with me and am not allowed the space to carry even an extra card. 
25. Although it is a nice looking case and seems to be of solid construction, I would advise against getting this case if you like to have space for extra batteries, memory cards, etc.(2 weeks later)I've recently bought the Case Logic TBC-4, and it's great for my Canon S2.  
26. If you are looking for something to just hold your camera like a glove, then this is for you, if you are expecting extra storage space, pick another case.
27. A little more space so that the user manual of the camera can be taken alongI bought Powershot S3 1S and I am perfectly happy with the camera. 

negative sentences : 
1. It is very stylish and space saving, but not all that functional.
2. The Tamrac bag that some people are recommending has more padding and more space for extra stuff, but it is also much larger as well as more expensive.  
3. If you want more space for your camera equipment, get a camera bag.  
4. If you need other room for something,don't buy this one.But...it really works for me.I don't need additional space for other stuff,only put camera in this pretty bag and take picture for my kids during school days.You don't have to put the shouder strap inside the bag instead you can use it as the bag's strap and it is easy use for me.I really like this bag!
5. There is no space to keep extra batteries & memory card. 
6. It has no practical space to carry spare batteries, spare memory, etc.  
7. It does Not Have any usable storage space and there are Better Choices for what this Canon Case Costs. 
8. SO i would suggest people to go for better alternatives with a little more inside space.
9. It is little expensive and very compact. does not have any extra space to place extra batteries etc. 
10. I wanted a camera bag that doesn't take too much space. 
11. The case is extremely small and does not provide space for batteries. 
12. An awkward and timeconsuming process.- There is no space to keep a spare set of batteries, the minimum accessories a person would want to keep along with their camera. 
13. Easy to carry around.Not that I don't like, but I would've liked to see this:A little more space for batteries and charger. 
14. True, not much space for anything else, but what else do you need other than some spare batteries which you can stick in your pocket.  
15. The large one will give you plenty space for any accessories you have for your S2 (I'm talking about regular stuffs not professional lens, or professional mini tripod). 
16. It also can be attached to the camera neck strap, so you don't have to place it anywhere, you can use your camera leaving that thing hanging.It has a little compartment inside, useful for sd cards and a SMALL sd reader.The only bad thing is:Does NOT have space for extra bateries.Other than that, this case is greate.Thanks,Carlos
17. The bag is nice, but not a good use of space, pockets are closed and the bag can not carry anything else the the camera, not even a space for 4 extra batteries. 
18. The bag is nice, but not a good use of space, pockets are closed and the bag can not carry anything else the the camera, not even a space for 4 extra batteries. 
19. No space for spare batteries.

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : room, positive Score : 50 and negative Score :-18
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. There is enough room for my camera and an extra memory card or two.  
2. As far as extra battery room, I guess you could fit 4 loose AA batteries in it. 
3. No room for accessories, but it sure beats carrying around a purse-sized bag, or risking your camera getting damaged by not having a case at all.  
4. There isn't enough space provided even for an extra set of batteries, although there is enough room for an extra memory card (woopie).  
5. This is a very nice camera case, but it would be even better if it had just a little more room to hold an extra set of batteries.  
6. There isn't a lot of extra room, but you might be able to fit in an extra set of batteries and/or an extra memory card.  
7. Very good quality, but need to be a little bit bigger to be perfect.I do not have room for keeping a lens cleaner kit which is essential for this camera or even spare batteries.Good product to protect the camera, but you will need another bag for long trips.
8. I then plan on putting the camera in this case inside my backpack, therefore not needing to carry two separate bags with me.Do not purchase this is you want a traditional camera bag with storage room for extras - this isn't that bag.
9. Maybe I set my expectations too high, but I was under the impression that the case would at least have room for a spare set of batteries and an additional memory card. 
10. There's enough room to throw in spare batteries and a memory card. 
11. I would recommend a slightly larger case with room for some other items [even very small items].  
12. I need extra room for spare batteries and the coupler "plate" to my Dolcia tripod, so I bought this one. 
13. It has enough room for the camera and has a back pocket inside where I can fit in an extra set of 4-AA batteries as well as a backup 4GB SDHC card in a plastic protective cover. 
14. It fits like a glove with enough room for an extra card. 
15. There is barely room inside to carry a spare memory card, much less batteries.  
16. The case is not over-sized and there is no room for anything but the camera and maybe an extra memory card in a pocket in the back on the inside.  
17. I am happy with my purchase.(+) Canon S3 fits into this case prety sung. a perfect fit.(-) It won't have any room for more than 4 extra battries.
18. This little bag is well constructed and will protect your camera but there is no room for anything else like extra batteries or memory cards. 
19. This is a very small case that has just enough room to fit the camera  inside. 
20. It has just enough room to squeeze in the camera and the strap. 
21. There's enough room for the camera and a replacement set of 4-AA batteries - and that's it.  
22. The small one will give you some extra room for batteries, filters, memory cards. 
23. Fits snug with room for maybe another SD card or a set of batteries and really nothing else (there is a little pocket).  
24. This is a nice case, it fits the camera perfectly.Almost too perfectly for my taste, there is barely room to get extra memory cards or your transfer cord into the case with the camera. 
25. Bigger, extra room for memory cards and a couple cords; more padding; half the price. 
26. It has room for an extra memory card and batteries too as well as great protection for my camera.
27. However, the camera fits quite tight inside of this case, and it barely has room for a spare set of anything.  
28. There's just enough room for an extra memory card or two and four fresh batteries and I'll be good to go for the day. 
29. Would be nice if there was room a spare set of batteries.
30. just a little tight for the S3 but well made ,I wish it had a few more cubic inches of room .its is a good looking bag

negative sentences : 
1. Most of the reviews griped that the case is too small for the S3IS and that there is not enough room for batteries or other accessories. 
2. The camera just fits in without leaving much room for the extra batteries or the cable. 
3. Also there is not enough room for extra batteries or for that matter not even an additional memory card. 
4. Nice Case but no room for spare batteries or pocket for SD.
5. And with Canon's persistent loose lens cap design, I can hardly put the camera in or take it out without knocking the lens cap off.There's no room to stash extra batteries or memory cards.  
6. Certainly no room for a spare set of batteries.  
7. If you need other room for something,don't buy this one.But...it really works for me.I don't need additional space for other stuff,only put camera in this pretty bag and take picture for my kids during school days.You don't have to put the shouder strap inside the bag instead you can use it as the bag's strap and it is easy use for me.I really like this bag!
8. Look for a case that has more room.
9. I give it a 4 only because I wish there was room to hold more batteries since Digi cams love to go through them.
10. The strap of the camera doubles up to be the strap of the case and there are poppered loops to keep the case on securely.There is not really room for spare batteries and there is no zipped pocket to store spare memory cards securely.  
11. there is no room for extra set of batteries or anything else. 
12. There is absolutely no room for a spare set of batteries.  
13. The bag is very small, no room for any extra stuff...just the camera strap. 
14. i like that it fits my canons3 is nicely but it can be quite bulky to take with no spare room at all even for the sd cards....

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : lens, positive Score : 23 and negative Score :-16
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. It holds the camera and maybe a lens cloth and an extra memory card.  
2. In placing the camera into the case, hold firmly the camera with middle fingers over the lens cap and tilt the camera forward so that the bottom of the lens cap touches the bottom leather part of the case. 
3. In placing the camera into the case, hold firmly the camera with middle fingers over the lens cap and tilt the camera forward so that the bottom of the lens cap touches the bottom leather part of the case. 
4. For me, this Case Logic is a little big and can be used for traveling (camera, SD cards, AA batteries, manual, AA-battery charger or my future converter lens).  
5. This case may be appropriate for many of the Canon cameras, but for the IS, it is too small, probably because of the longer lens. 
6. You CAN cram the S5 IS in there, but when you do get it in,  it's so tight the lens cover pops off and the zippers will probably split in no time. 
7. I assumed since they listed this case and no other, that this one would work.The S5 does sort of fit the case, but not perfectly, and it tends to knock the lens cover loose if you try. 
8. It is well constructed, and protects my camera while in my backpack, which is important given the lens cap has a tendancy to come off the S3. 
9. Very good quality, but need to be a little bit bigger to be perfect.I do not have room for keeping a lens cleaner kit which is essential for this camera or even spare batteries.Good product to protect the camera, but you will need another bag for long trips.
10. You'll end up with a small bundle that can stuff between the lens and right grip.Bottom line, if you just want to carry the camera and a spare set of batteries, get this.  
11. When inserting it (lens facing forward), you need to push it all the way to the back of the case, so that the bottom edge of the lens touches the bottom of the case, NOT the front.If you don't do it right, the case will buldge, and you will probably find out when re-opening it that that flimsy lens cover has fallen off (oops!).
12. When inserting it (lens facing forward), you need to push it all the way to the back of the case, so that the bottom edge of the lens touches the bottom of the case, NOT the front.If you don't do it right, the case will buldge, and you will probably find out when re-opening it that that flimsy lens cover has fallen off (oops!).
13. The strap can be tucked in by the lens or keep it external for shoulder or around the neck. 
14. However, taking pictures with lots of items dangling from the camera (carry strap, camera bag, lens cap) is a bit awkward.This bag has no carry strap of its own. 

negative sentences : 
1. Doesn't allow camera carrying strap to fit into the case, and makes it awkward to insert the camera without knocking the flimsy lens protector off.  
2. (How could they make such good cameras and crummy lens caps?)  
3. And with Canon's persistent loose lens cap design, I can hardly put the camera in or take it out without knocking the lens cap off.There's no room to stash extra batteries or memory cards.  
4. If you need to carry other things (flash or assorted lens)in the case, look elsewhere.
5. Make sure that the lens cap is positioned such that the lens cap cord is most loosely connected to the camera strap mount.
6. If, however, you needor want to place other items like extra batteries or momory cards or lens- etc- in the case- you have problems.
7. It is a quality case, unfortunately, when you add the lens adapter, it becomes worthless.
8. Most often the camera lens lid will keep coming out while putting in and out.Definitely not recommended with a big camera like Powershot S5 IS.
9. Batteries will be crushed against the back of the camera.As mentioned in other reviews, the camera lens cover will not stay on well, but that's because of the crappy quality of the lens cover; it will pop off if it rubs against any case, not just this one. [...].If you want a sturdy, lightly padded, close-fitting case to offer protection when you're toting only the camera, this case is great! 
10. Batteries will be crushed against the back of the camera.As mentioned in other reviews, the camera lens cover will not stay on well, but that's because of the crappy quality of the lens cover; it will pop off if it rubs against any case, not just this one. [...].If you want a sturdy, lightly padded, close-fitting case to offer protection when you're toting only the camera, this case is great! 
11. The large one will give you plenty space for any accessories you have for your S2 (I'm talking about regular stuffs not professional lens, or professional mini tripod). 
12. When I took it out of the car it was again turned on with the lens tube extended.Next time I tried a different bag, that time the lens cap came off but nothing else happened.This "soft case" is a snug fit, but my G6 needs that protection for the prominent "on" switch and the friction fit lens cap to prevent the camera from damaging itself when being transported.
13. When I took it out of the car it was again turned on with the lens tube extended.Next time I tried a different bag, that time the lens cap came off but nothing else happened.This "soft case" is a snug fit, but my G6 needs that protection for the prominent "on" switch and the friction fit lens cap to prevent the camera from damaging itself when being transported.
14. Make sure that the lens cap is positioned such that the lens cap cord is most loosely connected to the camera strap mount.

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : memory, positive Score : 84 and negative Score :-16
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. There is enough room for my camera and an extra memory card or two.  
2. I have put an extra memory card in there too, but I can't imagine anyone ever needing to - get a 2 GB card and you'll never have time to take that many pictures.  
3. There isn't enough space provided even for an extra set of batteries, although there is enough room for an extra memory card (woopie).  
4. No place to store anything except very thin memory cards. 
5. This was a great find for me and I recommend it to any owner of a Canon S3-IS who is looking for a case just large enough for the camera, an extra set of bats, memory card and that can be put on your belt for easy carying.
6. I put my extra memory card in the envelop they provide on the inside of the case.  
7. There is barely room inside to carry a spare memory card, much less batteries.  
8. The case is not over-sized and there is no room for anything but the camera and maybe an extra memory card in a pocket in the back on the inside.  
9. Bigger, extra room for memory cards and a couple cords; more padding; half the price. 
10. It has room for an extra memory card and batteries too as well as great protection for my camera.
11. We could just place an additional memory card, but if you want to fit batteries or anything else, you better purchase a bigger case.It's not that I am dissapointed at this one, but I really think this should have been better.
12. It holds a spare set of batteries and an extra memory card.  
13. I would've become more satisfied if there would've been some slots to keep the extra batteries & memory slot. 
14. It is ok for my Canon SX 100 IS, it has a small pocket inside for memory cards, but do not have a pocket for the extra batteries. 
15. If you want to carry anything other than the camera a spare memory card, then look for another bag.
16. With the camera straps protruding from the case for carrying and a single pocket inside for my extra memory cards, I have the perfect case for my needs.
17. The bag does offer great protection for your camera and even has a little pocket inside for extra memory cards (SD). 
18. The case is a little too small for the camera and extra batteries and memory cards
19. There's enough room to throw in spare batteries and a memory card. 
20. Maybe I set my expectations too high, but I was under the impression that the case would at least have room for a spare set of batteries and an additional memory card. 
21. I was also disappointed that there wasn't much storage in it for extra batteries and memory cards.
22. The camera (S2) fits quite nicely, pull the strap out, zip the two zippers and close the flap and you can carry it around by the camera strap.I have plenty of space for the camera with 4 AA batteries and an extra memory card in the rear internal pouch. 
23. There isn't a lot of extra room, but you might be able to fit in an extra set of batteries and/or an extra memory card.  
24. There is a small inside pocket that is good to keep extra memory cards or batteries. 
25. If you go on vacation or something, you would bring your charger too and it can't fit in the camera bag - so just leave extra batteries to charge while you are out taking pictures with freshly charged batteries and empty memory card. 
26. You also have a small pocket to fit extra memory card, but I am pretty good at keep my card 'low' (and I would never go out on a big trip w/ full memory card). 
27. You also have a small pocket to fit extra memory card, but I am pretty good at keep my card 'low' (and I would never go out on a big trip w/ full memory card). 
28. You can probably get an extra memory card into the inner pocket, but really, I wouldn't even risk that - the fit is that tight.  
29. It also has a little pocket inside for the extra memory card you might need.  
30. Inside is a small pocket for a memory card or spare batteries. 
31. It holds the camera and maybe a lens cloth and an extra memory card.  
32. (From memory): Small-- holds a small amount of stuff.  
33. It's good and compact, but I miss extra space to carry extra batteries and extra memory
34. This little bag is well constructed and will protect your camera but there is no room for anything else like extra batteries or memory cards. 
35. Not a lot of room for anything but the camera or a few spare memory cards but it is perfect for protecting the camera and going off on a day-trip without excess weight.  
36. This is definitely not your carry-all camera bag, its just big enough for the camera and maybe an extra memory card and thats about it; perfect for me :)
37. UNFORTUNATELY IT DOES NOT HAVE A POCKET LIKE TO SAVE AN EXTRA MEMORY CARD
38. I would have loved to have a bag which can hold a set of spare battries as well as a spare memory card. 
39. Could carry an extra memory card in it and batteries, which is nice.  
40. The small one will give you some extra room for batteries, filters, memory cards. 
41. There's just enough room for an extra memory card or two and four fresh batteries and I'll be good to go for the day. 
42. By adding a spare memory card in the inside back pouch, closing the case becomes a squeezing challenge.  
43. It has a small pocket on the inside suitable for a memory card.  
44. To keep the case from catching on the strap buckle, move the buckle to high on the strap arm.Don't try to cram batteries into the interior pocket -- you can carry an extra memory card, but that's it. 
45. our old case was small and compact, but had pockets and compartments to keep all the 'gear' in one place, and the batteries, you ALWAYS need extra batteries and memory cards when you are in a different country.and the mini tripod stand, and when we opened this box, and saw this piddly little thing, I have seen thongs larger than this camera case! 
46. I'm sorry to say we were extremely disapointed in the camera case. we could barely get the camera in, but what good is the camera and case when you can't even put in the cords, and even a place for the extra memory cards? 
47. The camera fits into the main compartment snugly, and it's got plenty of extra pockets for memory cards, batteries, or whatever.  
48. Although it is a nice looking case and seems to be of solid construction, I would advise against getting this case if you like to have space for extra batteries, memory cards, etc.(2 weeks later)I've recently bought the Case Logic TBC-4, and it's great for my Canon S2.  
49. However, the case is too tight to store an extra set of batteries and memory card without stuffing them in.  
50. This is a nice case, it fits the camera perfectly.Almost too perfectly for my taste, there is barely room to get extra memory cards or your transfer cord into the case with the camera. 
51. But if you want something that will also hold an extra set of batteries or an extra memory card, forget it.  

negative sentences : 
1. It has no practical space to carry spare batteries, spare memory, etc.  
2. And with Canon's persistent loose lens cap design, I can hardly put the camera in or take it out without knocking the lens cap off.There's no room to stash extra batteries or memory cards.  
3. This bag just fits the camera (probably one more memory card). 
4. Also, there is no additional storage for extra batteries or memory cards other than a small, net pocket inside the case.  
5. Secondly with memory card so cheap nowdays I don't need to carry extra cards with me unless I want to shoot tons of video.  
6. There is no space to keep extra batteries & memory card. 
7. A bit tight for the S5 IS, as it has no place for any accessory other than a memory card and some times the lens cap is off when opened.However, it is a good light protection to carry it one. 
8. The strap of the camera doubles up to be the strap of the case and there are poppered loops to keep the case on securely.There is not really room for spare batteries and there is no zipped pocket to store spare memory cards securely.  
9. Although the camera takes A4 batteries, but do not expect to be able to fit in the batteries or any extra memory card or charger or anything other than the camera itself in the case.Also, putting the camera in the case is very painful. 
10. Small will only hold the camera , with extra batteries and memory chip no lenses ,hoods or filters . 
11. There is an inside pocket for memory cards. 
12. Also there is not enough room for extra batteries or for that matter not even an additional memory card. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : belt, positive Score : 38 and negative Score :-3
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The belt clip is a useful addition for holding on to it while taking pictures.
2. It would be nicer to just have a belt clip that way you can take it off and on more conveniently.Other than that, the product is good and I would recommend it to a friend.
3. Too small to be very useful and really too large to attach to a belt for carrying purposes.  
4. If you're not a strap person, it has a belt loop that you can thread your own belt through or get a dedicated webbed "fanny-pack" belt. 
5. If you're not a strap person, it has a belt loop that you can thread your own belt through or get a dedicated webbed "fanny-pack" belt. 
6. I attached an extra shoulder strap to the bag to get the balky bag off my belt, and it is not well balanced and one time hung upside down, dropping the camera on a carpeted floor.
7. - Brilliant.Belt clip and additional storage pockets for sd cards batteries etc.Its snug around the camera and doesnt make it too bulky to carry.Great product - good price.
8. Unfortunately, only had a belt-loop (the kind that you would have to wear with the belt).The case is just right for the camera. 
9. It does protect the camera and it allows you to carry it on your belt wich is very comfortable.
10. Small size, fits on belt and good leather quality for this price. the only thing i didn't like was the zippers on the sides
11. I particularly like the nice strong stitching, particularly aroung the belt loop. 
12. No problem for me at all; I like the assurance that the bag is safe and secure on my belt and is not going to fall off while nature hiking.The camera fits inside very snugly; a perfect fit for my S3-IS. 
13. Also the only way to carry the bag hands free is to thread your belt through the loop in the back. 
14. This was a great find for me and I recommend it to any owner of a Canon S3-IS who is looking for a case just large enough for the camera, an extra set of bats, memory card and that can be put on your belt for easy carying.
15. No shoulder strap, and I'd like to meet the person who lugs one of these hefty cams around by his belt loop.I'll be returning this and getting a normal bag.  
16. In addition, the is no carrying strap included, so you are more or less forced to attach the large case to your belt.The only plus is that the camera case is definitely high quality materials and construction.
17. Still its very nice for day trips on the belt or put on your own neck strap . 
18. I give it a 4 becuase its not perfect but its a buy simply put its the most compact case you could get for this camera and its to be belt worn . 
19. While the camera itself is a little bulky for carrying on your belt, it is certainly useful. 
20. Imagine my surprise when not only the camera fit, but 4 AA batteries, and the folded strap fit, as well (albeit the top flap is not quite completely overlapping all the velcro...).With the extra batteries, the camera and case is a little too heavy for my belt, but it's good to have a close-fitting case to protect the camera when we're on the move.I think the trick may be getting the camer all the way down into the case, and having the lense pointing out (toward the logo plate).Unless quality control is lacking, and some cases are tighter than others, I don't understand the "too tight" complaints regarding this case.
21. Just a belt loop and a little loop that buttons on the left.
22. For a relatively expensive camera with all the bells & whistles, Canon supplied a camera case that 1) pulls off the camera's lens cap every time you remove the camera from the case, and 2) does not have a strap of its own (unless you count the belt loop sewn in the back).  
23. might be to small for some I have two bags and took this one for my belt to keep my hands free.
24. The leather seems of fairly good quality and the back has a wide loop to attach to your belt which is nice. 
25. It is ment to be attached to your own belt. 

negative sentences : 
1. The case has to come off to use the camera, so it functions best when the case is on your belt.Basically, this case is adequate, but no more.
2. The case has a belt loop, but no actual strap. 
3. I need not worry that this belt loop will come undone and fall off my belt; which was my experience with a previous (velcro type belt loop) Samsonite bag. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : card, positive Score : 92 and negative Score :-11
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. It doesn't hold *any* extra gear larger than an SD card.  
2. There's enough room to throw in spare batteries and a memory card. 
3. Maybe I set my expectations too high, but I was under the impression that the case would at least have room for a spare set of batteries and an additional memory card. 
4. I keep the charger in my luggage, the extra batteries in my pocket, and a 2GB card in the camera so I'll never run out of memory.  
5. If you are hoping to carry any camera accessories beyond extra batteries and an extra SD card, you should look for another case.
6. The camera (S2) fits quite nicely, pull the strap out, zip the two zippers and close the flap and you can carry it around by the camera strap.I have plenty of space for the camera with 4 AA batteries and an extra memory card in the rear internal pouch. 
7. There isn't a lot of extra room, but you might be able to fit in an extra set of batteries and/or an extra memory card.  
8. It has just enough space for the camera and an extra card if you need it.  
9. It holds a spare set of batteries and an extra memory card.  
10. I have put an extra memory card in there too, but I can't imagine anyone ever needing to - get a 2 GB card and you'll never have time to take that many pictures.  
11. There isn't enough space provided even for an extra set of batteries, although there is enough room for an extra memory card (woopie).  
12. No space for batteries but you can take an extra SD card. 
13. This was a great find for me and I recommend it to any owner of a Canon S3-IS who is looking for a case just large enough for the camera, an extra set of bats, memory card and that can be put on your belt for easy carying.
14. I put my extra memory card in the envelop they provide on the inside of the case.  
15. There is barely room inside to carry a spare memory card, much less batteries.  
16. The belt loop is stitched and is very secure.There is a small pocket inside that is perfect for an extra SD card. 
17. If you put a spare SD card in the case you'll have to throw away the lens cap!
18. It has enough room for the camera and has a back pocket inside where I can fit in an extra set of 4-AA batteries as well as a backup 4GB SDHC card in a plastic protective cover. 
19. Put a SD card (with its own case) in the pocket, facing the back of the case3. 
20. For in-town use, I use the Canon PSC-75, which can fit tightly Canon S2, 4-AA batteries (with a paper box covered), and a SD card (with its own case).Here is how I could put those items into the Canon case:1. 
21. Otherwise go for something a little bigger.I would also buy:SanDisk 2 GB Ultra II SD Plus USB Card (SDSDPH-2048-901, Retail Package)That way you don't have to lug around an extra card reader when you want to save your photos.
22. Besides it is probably better to keep an extra card away from your camera as a backup in case your camera gets lost or stolen, like mine (I lost an extra 512 card that was full of pictures).  
23. Besides it is probably better to keep an extra card away from your camera as a backup in case your camera gets lost or stolen, like mine (I lost an extra 512 card that was full of pictures).  
24. If your on an extended trip you can keep the extra card in your wallet or backpack.  
25. With a wrist strap this could easily be done.I think you can shove an extra media card in behind the batteries as well, although if you have a 1GB card or higher I can't see the point of carrying an extra card anyway.  
26. With a wrist strap this could easily be done.I think you can shove an extra media card in behind the batteries as well, although if you have a 1GB card or higher I can't see the point of carrying an extra card anyway.  
27. With a wrist strap this could easily be done.I think you can shove an extra media card in behind the batteries as well, although if you have a 1GB card or higher I can't see the point of carrying an extra card anyway.  
28. I can (just barely) squeeze in four extra batteries and extra SD card. 
29. It has a little place to put an extra card or some notes but nothing else.That'd be it, there's no much to say about it. 
30. There is enough room for my camera and an extra memory card or two.  
31. If you want to carry anything other than the camera a spare memory card, then look for another bag.
32. It fits like a glove with enough room for an extra card. 
33. It will only hold the camera and maybe an additional SD card. 
34. I would have loved to have a bag which can hold a set of spare battries as well as a spare memory card. 
35. Oh, we did get an extra card in the small mesh pouch inside the back, but taking the camera out pulls the card out with it, and we were lucky we saw it fall and retrieved it before we lost it.
36. But if you want something that will also hold an extra set of batteries or an extra memory card, forget it.  
37. There is a little pocket inside the case to fit an extra SD card and spare batteries. 
38. Could carry an extra memory card in it and batteries, which is nice.  
39. You can probably get an extra memory card into the inner pocket, but really, I wouldn't even risk that - the fit is that tight.  
40. It also has a little pocket inside for the extra memory card you might need.  
41. Inside is a small pocket for a memory card or spare batteries. 
42. There is a small nylon pocket inside for an extra SD card.  
43. It's a great case that allow you to have an additional pack of battery and an extra Card. 
44. The case is also built in such a way that you can have the neck strap come out of the top of the case, and wear the camera, case and all, around your neck.There isn't any room to spare, but when you're talking about a camera case like this one can you really ask more than a neck strap, a change of batteries and a spare card?
45. The pocket in the back of the inside is large enough for me to fit 4 back up AAs and a spare SD card in it's protective case.The reviewer who said the bag popped open when he put the neck strap inside is either mistaken, or he was placing the camera in the case backwards. 
46. It holds the camera and maybe a lens cloth and an extra memory card.  
47. This is definitely not your carry-all camera bag, its just big enough for the camera and maybe an extra memory card and thats about it; perfect for me :)
48. UNFORTUNATELY IT DOES NOT HAVE A POCKET LIKE TO SAVE AN EXTRA MEMORY CARD
49. To keep the case from catching on the strap buckle, move the buckle to high on the strap arm.Don't try to cram batteries into the interior pocket -- you can carry an extra memory card, but that's it. 
50. It has a small pocket on the inside suitable for a memory card.  
51. I like to carry spare batteries with me and am not allowed the space to carry even an extra card. 
52. Not so useful if you want to carry extra batteries/charger or SD card
53. The case is not over-sized and there is no room for anything but the camera and maybe an extra memory card in a pocket in the back on the inside.  
54. It has room for an extra memory card and batteries too as well as great protection for my camera.
55. We could just place an additional memory card, but if you want to fit batteries or anything else, you better purchase a bigger case.It's not that I am dissapointed at this one, but I really think this should have been better.
56. It holds an extra SD card and will hang from the camera lens cover cord when taking pictures.  
57. If you go on vacation or something, you would bring your charger too and it can't fit in the camera bag - so just leave extra batteries to charge while you are out taking pictures with freshly charged batteries and empty memory card. 
58. You also have a small pocket to fit extra memory card, but I am pretty good at keep my card 'low' (and I would never go out on a big trip w/ full memory card). 
59. You also have a small pocket to fit extra memory card, but I am pretty good at keep my card 'low' (and I would never go out on a big trip w/ full memory card). 
60. You also have a small pocket to fit extra memory card, but I am pretty good at keep my card 'low' (and I would never go out on a big trip w/ full memory card). 
61. By adding a spare memory card in the inside back pouch, closing the case becomes a squeezing challenge.  
62. There's just enough room for an extra memory card or two and four fresh batteries and I'll be good to go for the day. 
63. I like that there's a little pocket inside for an extra SD card. 
64. This feature has been really useful because I just leave my extra 512mb sd card in that pocket just in case I run out of space on my 1gb SD card. 
65. This feature has been really useful because I just leave my extra 512mb sd card in that pocket just in case I run out of space on my 1gb SD card. 
66. So here's the overview of the pros and cons of this case for the Canon S2.Pros:1) Fits the Canon S2 perfect when used CORRECTLY.2) Looks great and provides good protection for your camera.3) Inside pocket for SD card is very cool.4) Great design that lets you utilize your existing neck strapon your camera.5) The price for this quality of case is very good.

negative sentences : 
1. Also there is not enough room for extra batteries or for that matter not even an additional memory card. 
2. This bag just fits the camera (probably one more memory card). 
3. I got a 2GB high speed card for around $40.  
4. Secondly with memory card so cheap nowdays I don't need to carry extra cards with me unless I want to shoot tons of video.  
5. There is no space to keep extra batteries & memory card. 
6. There's definitely room for a film card or 2 in the inside pocket, and with all that, there's no excessive padding to bulk up the case unnecessarily. 
7. A bit tight for the S5 IS, as it has no place for any accessory other than a memory card and some times the lens cap is off when opened.However, it is a good light protection to carry it one. 
8. Although the camera takes A4 batteries, but do not expect to be able to fit in the batteries or any extra memory card or charger or anything other than the camera itself in the case.Also, putting the camera in the case is very painful. 
9. It has a small pocket inside for carrying and extra card or bateries, but not much else. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : batteries, positive Score : 150 and negative Score :-40
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I read all the reviews before buying this case.The best thing about this is: the camera fits in properly with a little space for an additional set of batteries too.I would have preferred if it came with a neck strap but overall satisfied and there are no other better products in the market I feel.A worth buy for this awesome camera
2. It LOOKS nice, and I suppose it gets the job done in terms of protecting the camera from bumps and bruises in the woods, but I'm not sure I can recommend it since it lacks space for extra batteries etc.It seems they could have done a better job with the flap too. 
3. This little bag is well constructed and will protect your camera but there is no room for anything else like extra batteries or memory cards. 
4. It's good and compact, but I miss extra space to carry extra batteries and extra memory
5. The case fits like a glove, and I managed to put 4 spare batteries as well. 
6. There's enough room for the camera and a replacement set of 4-AA batteries - and that's it.  
7. The case is also built in such a way that you can have the neck strap come out of the top of the case, and wear the camera, case and all, around your neck.There isn't any room to spare, but when you're talking about a camera case like this one can you really ask more than a neck strap, a change of batteries and a spare card?
8. Would it have been too much to add a small pocket on the side or back of the case for 4 extra batteries?
9. Inside is a small pocket for a memory card or spare batteries. 
10. (With batteries, the top velcro will latch, but the bag edges will have a gap).This case is soft-sided with lite padding. 
11. There is no space in the case for extra batteries either!
12. Could carry an extra memory card in it and batteries, which is nice.  
13. The small one will give you some extra room for batteries, filters, memory cards. 
14. Bag is just big enough for my S3 with a small pouch inside for a spare set of AA batteries and/or SD Cards. 
15. The bag does fit my S3, plus an extra set of four AA batteries. 
16. There is a little pocket inside the case to fit an extra SD card and spare batteries. 
17. But if you want something that will also hold an extra set of batteries or an extra memory card, forget it.  
18. I place the 4 spare batteries also inside.
19. However, the case is too tight to store an extra set of batteries and memory card without stuffing them in.  
20. Although it is a nice looking case and seems to be of solid construction, I would advise against getting this case if you like to have space for extra batteries, memory cards, etc.(2 weeks later)I've recently bought the Case Logic TBC-4, and it's great for my Canon S2.  
21. The camera fits into the main compartment snugly, and it's got plenty of extra pockets for memory cards, batteries, or whatever.  
22. our old case was small and compact, but had pockets and compartments to keep all the 'gear' in one place, and the batteries, you ALWAYS need extra batteries and memory cards when you are in a different country.and the mini tripod stand, and when we opened this box, and saw this piddly little thing, I have seen thongs larger than this camera case! 
23. our old case was small and compact, but had pockets and compartments to keep all the 'gear' in one place, and the batteries, you ALWAYS need extra batteries and memory cards when you are in a different country.and the mini tripod stand, and when we opened this box, and saw this piddly little thing, I have seen thongs larger than this camera case! 
24. Also, there is only one small mesh compartment on the case (which is on the inside) and it is barely large enough to store an extra set of four batteries. 
25. To keep the case from catching on the strap buckle, move the buckle to high on the strap arm.Don't try to cram batteries into the interior pocket -- you can carry an extra memory card, but that's it. 
26. I like to carry spare batteries with me and am not allowed the space to carry even an extra card. 
27. For instance, if your application requires you to carry extra batteries, lenses,..., get a third party case. 
28. I throw an extra set of batteries in the car or somewhere else. 
29. Would be nice if there was room a spare set of batteries.
30. There's just enough room for an extra memory card or two and four fresh batteries and I'll be good to go for the day. 
31. Imagine my surprise when not only the camera fit, but 4 AA batteries, and the folded strap fit, as well (albeit the top flap is not quite completely overlapping all the velcro...).With the extra batteries, the camera and case is a little too heavy for my belt, but it's good to have a close-fitting case to protect the camera when we're on the move.I think the trick may be getting the camer all the way down into the case, and having the lense pointing out (toward the logo plate).Unless quality control is lacking, and some cases are tighter than others, I don't understand the "too tight" complaints regarding this case.
32. (my gf is still looking for a case like this for her Canon 20D... but they just don't make one that's of similar quality and affordable)Cons:1) I would've liked a small compartment for extra batteries. 
33. Unless you plan on carrying your extra set of batteries in another bag, I would stay away.  
34. If you go on vacation or something, you would bring your charger too and it can't fit in the camera bag - so just leave extra batteries to charge while you are out taking pictures with freshly charged batteries and empty memory card. 
35. If you go on vacation or something, you would bring your charger too and it can't fit in the camera bag - so just leave extra batteries to charge while you are out taking pictures with freshly charged batteries and empty memory card. 
36. It will hold a spare set of batteries without any trouble but that is it.  
37. We could just place an additional memory card, but if you want to fit batteries or anything else, you better purchase a bigger case.It's not that I am dissapointed at this one, but I really think this should have been better.
38. It has room for an extra memory card and batteries too as well as great protection for my camera.
39. It's good to hold one or two SD cards, however the fit gets tight if you are looking to hold extra batteries. 
40. The case is a bit cramped and fits nothing more than the camera and one other small item like extra batteries or the USB cable.  
41. By the time you add a few batteries and an extra chip it is over stuffed.  
42. Not so useful if you want to carry extra batteries/charger or SD card
43. It would be nice if there were a spot for batteries, however, I love the perfect fit.  
44. I had to buy it to find out.The Canon S3-IS camera fits in the case just fine with 4 extra batteries in the pocket.  
45. Like one of the other reviewers said, if the camera doesn't fit inside the bag with the batteries it is most likely because you are putting the camera in the bag backwards.  
46. The camera case is very good for protecting the camera, but is too small for any additional equipment, like batteries, and instruction book.  
47. The camera easily fits inside and there is a small pocket in back that holds an extra set of batteries.  
48. I got this hopeing it would protect my camera AND give me a place for spare batteries.  
49. There is barely room inside to carry a spare memory card, much less batteries.  
50. My S3-IS fits into it perfectly.I have an extra set of rechargable batteries that I throw in the bottom of the case.  
51. Forget extra batteries, cables, etc. 
52. As far as extra battery room, I guess you could fit 4 loose AA batteries in it. 
53. Fits perfectly so dont expect to even carry extra batteries in this.
54. There isn't enough space provided even for an extra set of batteries, although there is enough room for an extra memory card (woopie).  
55. At the back of the case there's a small pouch where you can fit 4 batteries for a complete battery change.  
56. You'll end up with a small bundle that can stuff between the lens and right grip.Bottom line, if you just want to carry the camera and a spare set of batteries, get this.  
57. It easily fits my Canon S2, plus an extra set of batteries in the back pocket.  
58. If you want to carry more stuff than just the camera and spare batteries, then yes, you will need a bigger case.  
59. The case looks like it has a couple of compartments for separate storage of batteries, connection cables, etc.  
60. It holds a spare set of batteries and an extra memory card.  
61. I would've become more satisfied if there would've been some slots to keep the extra batteries & memory slot. 
62. It is ok for my Canon SX 100 IS, it has a small pocket inside for memory cards, but do not have a pocket for the extra batteries. 
63. I use rechargeable batteries and have a rapid charger that I keep in my car, in 15 minutes I'm up and going again, so I've never found a need to carry an extra set of batteries.  
64. I use rechargeable batteries and have a rapid charger that I keep in my car, in 15 minutes I'm up and going again, so I've never found a need to carry an extra set of batteries.  
65. There is a small inside pocket that is good to keep extra memory cards or batteries. 
66. I usually charge the batteries full before I go on a day trip so there is no need for battery space.  
67. The fully charged batteries last well over a day even with some video clips.  
68. It is a well made case but I needed something that I could use for the camera, spare batteries, spare SD cards, etc....This is unfortunately one of the problems with buying online as opposed to buying at a brick & mortar where you can actually see and touch the product and weigh its ability to  serve your needs.
69. This is a very nice camera case, but it would be even better if it had just a little more room to hold an extra set of batteries.  
70. There isn't a lot of extra room, but you might be able to fit in an extra set of batteries and/or an extra memory card.  
71. The camera (S2) fits quite nicely, pull the strap out, zip the two zippers and close the flap and you can carry it around by the camera strap.I have plenty of space for the camera with 4 AA batteries and an extra memory card in the rear internal pouch. 
72. (yes, it has an internal pouch and I can easily fit 4 batteries in it).It's solid, offers a decent amount of protection, and it's COMPACT.  
73. If you are hoping to carry any camera accessories beyond extra batteries and an extra SD card, you should look for another case.
74. I was also disappointed that there wasn't much storage in it for extra batteries and memory cards.
75. I keep the charger in my luggage, the extra batteries in my pocket, and a 2GB card in the camera so I'll never run out of memory.  
76. Very good quality, but need to be a little bit bigger to be perfect.I do not have room for keeping a lens cleaner kit which is essential for this camera or even spare batteries.Good product to protect the camera, but you will need another bag for long trips.
77. This Canon bag is perfect protection for my S5 IS - I fit the camera itself (either lense down or to the back), and 4 spare AA batteries.  
78. Then I came to know about this case, it is designed for these types of cameras, so my S3IS fits snugly into this, but it would have been better with an extra pocket/compartment for additional batteries, cable and SD cards. 
79. Maybe I set my expectations too high, but I was under the impression that the case would at least have room for a spare set of batteries and an additional memory card. 
80. There's enough room to throw in spare batteries and a memory card. 
81. It does fit a memory card and will probably fit a few batteries in but that's about it.  
82. Protecting the camera and lens is what a camera CASE is supposed to do, and this Canon PSC-75 does it perfectly.When you read the reviews where people complain that there is no storage for batteries, and other items, please remember that they apparently bought a camera case when thay wanted a camera bag, and then they chose to blame Canon for their stupidity.This is a great camera case.  
83. In a pinch, a set of extra batteries can be stored there, but it is a snug fit.I find that this well made, stylish, padded case is a perfect fit for my S2 and protects it both when traveling and while just walking around. 
84. Forget about putting in any extra batteries.
85. When I include the 4-AA batteries, the zipper doesn't even close.
86. The case is a little too small for the camera and extra batteries and memory cards
87. - Brilliant.Belt clip and additional storage pockets for sd cards batteries etc.Its snug around the camera and doesnt make it too bulky to carry.Great product - good price.
88. I need extra room for spare batteries and the coupler "plate" to my Dolcia tripod, so I bought this one. 
89. It has enough room for the camera and has a back pocket inside where I can fit in an extra set of 4-AA batteries as well as a backup 4GB SDHC card in a plastic protective cover. 
90. Of course it is difficult to pack in another set of AA batteries, but then it is fine in that it reduces the overall weight that I have to carry around my neck. 
91. The only thing that could be better is if there were an extra compartment for spare batteries.
92. In it the S3 and S2 will fit and leave almost no space for nothing.If you pretend to carry an extra pack of batteries with you, this bag won't do.Otherwise it's ok. 
93. But, I have another case, slightly bigger by Case Logic that I'll still use for when I'm going to need the extra space for batteries and cables.
94. Like extra batteries, manual, strap etc.
95. I can (just barely) squeeze in four extra batteries and extra SD card. 
96. Unlike the other reviewers comments, this case perfectly fits the Canon S3IS along with 4 extra batteries.  
97. If you want a case thats just big enough for your camera and one set of extra batteries, buy this case. 
98. For me, this Case Logic is a little big and can be used for traveling (camera, SD cards, AA batteries, manual, AA-battery charger or my future converter lens).  
99. Put the 4-AA batteries (with a paper box covered), in the internal pocket of the case2. 
100. Anyway, the remaining space on the bag would be useful only for SD cards, do not expect to carry extra AA batteries inside it.At beginning, I though a little harder to pack my Canon S5 inside this bag. 

negative sentences : 
1. I also have a larger Canon bag that holds this case plus my other lenses, extra batteries, manual, and cables.  
2. An awkward and timeconsuming process.- There is no space to keep a spare set of batteries, the minimum accessories a person would want to keep along with their camera. 
3. Found it very tight and that it has no practical storage area for extra batteries.  
4. Easy to carry around.Not that I don't like, but I would've liked to see this:A little more space for batteries and charger. 
5. True, not much space for anything else, but what else do you need other than some spare batteries which you can stick in your pocket.  
6. I was very disappointed with this product as my Canon S2IS camera doesn't even fit in properly inside this case, even without trying to fit in other accessories like batteries etc.The case is so small that I couldn't even close its lid after I put my camera inside.I tried to put in the camera in different orientations, but none helped.
7. Since the pouch is just elastic mesh, the spare batteries tend to fall out if you tip the case.Save your money and avoid the aggravation of this case. 
8. Small will only hold the camera , with extra batteries and memory chip no lenses ,hoods or filters . 
9. The bag is nice, but not a good use of space, pockets are closed and the bag can not carry anything else the the camera, not even a space for 4 extra batteries. 
10. Although the camera takes A4 batteries, but do not expect to be able to fit in the batteries or any extra memory card or charger or anything other than the camera itself in the case.Also, putting the camera in the case is very painful. 
11. There is absolutely no room for a spare set of batteries.  
12. there is no room for extra set of batteries or anything else. 
13. The strap of the camera doubles up to be the strap of the case and there are poppered loops to keep the case on securely.There is not really room for spare batteries and there is no zipped pocket to store spare memory cards securely.  
14. As far as the batteries goes, rechargeable batteries are soo good, I can take 100's of pictures in just one charge, so there is no need to carry extra batteries in this camera bag. 
15. As far as the batteries goes, rechargeable batteries are soo good, I can take 100's of pictures in just one charge, so there is no need to carry extra batteries in this camera bag. 
16. As far as the batteries goes, rechargeable batteries are soo good, I can take 100's of pictures in just one charge, so there is no need to carry extra batteries in this camera bag. 
17. I give it a 4 only because I wish there was room to hold more batteries since Digi cams love to go through them.
18. I would buy some other larger bag if you need to use it to carry batteries and any other accessories.  
19. It is little expensive and very compact. does not have any extra space to place extra batteries etc. 
20. There is no space to keep extra batteries & memory card. 
21. If, however, you needor want to place other items like extra batteries or momory cards or lens- etc- in the case- you have problems.
22. I love my Canon S5, and bought this case with my camera, but am returning the case because it is not big enough to hold four spare AA batteries.  
23. Certainly no room for a spare set of batteries.  
24. It has no practical space to carry spare batteries, spare memory, etc.  
25. And with Canon's persistent loose lens cap design, I can hardly put the camera in or take it out without knocking the lens cap off.There's no room to stash extra batteries or memory cards.  
26. Also, there is no additional storage for extra batteries or memory cards other than a small, net pocket inside the case.  
27. Nice Case but no room for spare batteries or pocket for SD.
28. Also there is not enough room for extra batteries or for that matter not even an additional memory card. 
29. It's too small, there is not strap, no extra pockets for your batteries or cards.  
30. The camera just fits in without leaving much room for the extra batteries or the cable. 
31. Most of the reviews griped that the case is too small for the S3IS and that there is not enough room for batteries or other accessories. 
32. No space for spare batteries.
33. The camera fits in, with some difficulty, but there is no place to keep spare batteries or cables.

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : bag, positive Score : 125 and negative Score :-27
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. This bag is too small to hold spare battries and doesn't have any pockets.
2. I just need a case that will provide my camera with some protection when it is thrown into a larger bag with other stuff that might scratch it.  
3. This is definitely not your carry-all camera bag, its just big enough for the camera and maybe an extra memory card and thats about it; perfect for me :)
4. All it holds is the camera, but as someone who needs something to protect the camera when its in a larger bag (book bag)this case works great!
5. All it holds is the camera, but as someone who needs something to protect the camera when its in a larger bag (book bag)this case works great!
6. This little bag is well constructed and will protect your camera but there is no room for anything else like extra batteries or memory cards. 
7. I wound up buying a larger bag very quickly after trying this loser.
8. That's the only reason this bag didn't get a 5 from me.
9. This is a very good bag and has just the right amount of space and padding.
10. The pocket in the back of the inside is large enough for me to fit 4 back up AAs and a spare SD card in it's protective case.The reviewer who said the bag popped open when he put the neck strap inside is either mistaken, or he was placing the camera in the case backwards. 
11. Get a real camera bag; don't waste your money on this one!
12. No damage that time, but it could have torqued the lens tube out of alignment or jammed it.Next time I put it in a small shoulder bag and put that on the floor of my car.  
13. However, I rated it 3 stars instead of 4 because it takes extra time to get the camera inside.The bag is just barely big enough for the S2 IS. 
14. Due to these three closures and the tight fit, getting the camera inside isn't as speedy as putting it in a larger bag.The case is easy to keep track of due to a leash which snaps around the camera's carry strap. 
15. However, taking pictures with lots of items dangling from the camera (carry strap, camera bag, lens cap) is a bit awkward.This bag has no carry strap of its own. 
16. If you want something just for protecting your camera, this is the right bag.
17. If absolutely the only thing you need is to protect your cam when placing it in a larger bag, then this case might suffice for you.  
18. No shoulder strap, and I'd like to meet the person who lugs one of these hefty cams around by his belt loop.I'll be returning this and getting a normal bag.  
19. Most reviews here say that the bag is too small for the S2 IS. 
20. Because beside the camera and the strap, you surely will have some lens, filters, batteries, charges, mini tripod... and now the bag becomes too small.There are several alternatives. 
21. Bag is just big enough for my S3 with a small pouch inside for a spare set of AA batteries and/or SD Cards. 
22. The only way to use the camera is to remove it completely while shooting.The camera needs to be places bottom first into the bag which makes the process very difficult.  
23. It would be easier if bag was designed so that the camera could be put in or taken out side down while holding the grip.The Samsonite 708BK Microfiber Compact Video Bag seems to be better for Canon S5 and has space for accessoriesThis product is not for a S5 IS!
24. It would be easier if bag was designed so that the camera could be put in or taken out side down while holding the grip.The Samsonite 708BK Microfiber Compact Video Bag seems to be better for Canon S5 and has space for accessoriesThis product is not for a S5 IS!
25. The camera is already big so I recomend this case for when you need to carry it in a purse or small bag.  
26. just a little tight for the S3 but well made ,I wish it had a few more cubic inches of room .its is a good looking bag
27. Provides good protection while not being bulky so that you can keep your camera in your larger messenger bag. 
28. There is a small elastic pouch inside the bag (see my photos) to carry a memory card, but thats all. 
29. bag fits great. i bought it for my dads s3 is and he is happy with it.
30. -Coushining is about 1/4 in. thick.One thing that I've noticed is that once you remove the camera from the bag, out comes the long strap with the camera, and now you have a camera bag thats awkward to put somewhere convenient.
31. -Coushining is about 1/4 in. thick.One thing that I've noticed is that once you remove the camera from the bag, out comes the long strap with the camera, and now you have a camera bag thats awkward to put somewhere convenient.
32. This case is neat enough that it will fit into my handbag if I wish - I find that batteries and memory cards can usually be thrown into pockets or some other bag.So, in conclusion, this is probably the case for you if you are just looking for a neat case to protect your camera.  
33. If you go on vacation or something, you would bring your charger too and it can't fit in the camera bag - so just leave extra batteries to charge while you are out taking pictures with freshly charged batteries and empty memory card. 
34. This little bag actually does what it suppose to, and it is not to replace your carry on baggage!
35. The bag is just big enough to hold Canon Powershot S2-IS and can not take in any other accessories. 
36. This case does exactly what it is advertised to do: it is a form-fitting case, not a camera bag.  
37. Sexy Bag !! 
38. There isn't much extra space but that's ok because I don't want my new S3-IS bouncing around inside the bag like my old camera and bag.  
39. There isn't much extra space but that's ok because I don't want my new S3-IS bouncing around inside the bag like my old camera and bag.  
40. Very helpfull not having to deal with two straps and knowing that even if something were to fail I would most likely still be hanging on to my camera.Over all I think it is a great camera bag but if you are going to use it as a purse and put all your junk in it don't buy it.
41. This is a great bag for my Canon S2.  
42. This is easily my favorite camera bag when I don't want to carry lots of accessories (lens adapters, etc.) with me.
43. I had bought a small bag at Walmart and thankful I did. 
44. It keeps my camera protected in my tote bag, or back pack, etc.  
45. No room for accessories, but it sure beats carrying around a purse-sized bag, or risking your camera getting damaged by not having a case at all.  
46. So far the case is nice and durable and there are no defects.My only complaint about the bag is that it is a little big for the A650 and bulky. 
47. Also the only way to carry the bag hands free is to thread your belt through the loop in the back. 
48. This camera bag is perfect for keeping your camera protected- it is well padded.  
49. The camera strap stays out of the bag so it can be worn around the neck.  
50. considering this is a medium size camera, the bag will only allow you to fit the cam and nothing else, but have a great look and the material is great
51. I already have a larger camera bag to hold all my accessories and batteries, but wanted something to protect my recently purchased S3.  
52. Very good quality, but need to be a little bit bigger to be perfect.I do not have room for keeping a lens cleaner kit which is essential for this camera or even spare batteries.Good product to protect the camera, but you will need another bag for long trips.
53. This Canon bag is perfect protection for my S5 IS - I fit the camera itself (either lense down or to the back), and 4 spare AA batteries.  
54. I then plan on putting the camera in this case inside my backpack, therefore not needing to carry two separate bags with me.Do not purchase this is you want a traditional camera bag with storage room for extras - this isn't that bag.
55. I was looking for a compact bag and found this bag for my Canon S3 Pro Series. 
56. I was looking for a compact bag and found this bag for my Canon S3 Pro Series. 
57. I wanted this bag because it is less bulky and perfect to take on my hikes and bike rides in the mountains, where I do most of my shooting, anyway.I love this bag! 
58. If you're just carrying the camera around for regular use and don't need extra supplies, this is a great bag.
59. You need an additional bag if you want to carry batteries, lenses, flash memory, etc.
60. Since I usually carry a bigger purse or bag during my travels, I just needed a compact case to put the camera in. 
61. It is not intented to be a camera bag that holds all the extra gadgets.  
62. I ordered this to go with the new Canon S5 IS camera I bought, because I thought a new bag would be great. 
63. I have a small gadget bag in addition to the case in which I can keep my battery charger, cleaning supplies and other gear as well as the camera. 
64. This bag is so tiny you can barely fit the camera in and get it zipped.  
65. This bag is big and however too tight for this camera.And very unpractical to fit the camera into it.i wasted my monesI would not reccoment it.
66. Two little zippers then seal the bag.  
67. The included camera strap is too big to fit inside the bag, and it hangs down.  
68. I attached an extra shoulder strap to the bag to get the balky bag off my belt, and it is not well balanced and one time hung upside down, dropping the camera on a carpeted floor.
69. I attached an extra shoulder strap to the bag to get the balky bag off my belt, and it is not well balanced and one time hung upside down, dropping the camera on a carpeted floor.
70. If you are hoping to use it as a "carry all: bag, look for something bigger.  
71. The bag does offer great protection for your camera and even has a little pocket inside for extra memory cards (SD). 
72. This bag is too small for that camera to fit.  
73. It's perfect for traveling and outside use when I don't want to lug around my larger equipment bag, which I leave behind or in the car on excursions. 
74. I can even put the camera, in the soft case, into my larger equipment bag and have the whole bundle handy. 
75. this case is excellent. its primary purpose is to protect the camera. exactly fits the camera. i guess they didnot provide the slots for batteries because, they wanted to make the  bag small and easy to carry. you can also carry the camera using the neck strap. and this is perfect for that and very stylish. i would highly recommend for a s2 or s3
76. For that this bag is just perfect. 
77. The bag is great,a perfect fit to the camera. 
78. No problem for me at all; I like the assurance that the bag is safe and secure on my belt and is not going to fall off while nature hiking.The camera fits inside very snugly; a perfect fit for my S3-IS. 
79. The bag has nice, soft leather and the bag has some padding too so I don't need worry about the camera jostling around; it is very snug.So if you're looking for a good quality bag for your Canon, I highly recommend this camera bag. 
80. The bag has nice, soft leather and the bag has some padding too so I don't need worry about the camera jostling around; it is very snug.So if you're looking for a good quality bag for your Canon, I highly recommend this camera bag. 
81. The bag has nice, soft leather and the bag has some padding too so I don't need worry about the camera jostling around; it is very snug.So if you're looking for a good quality bag for your Canon, I highly recommend this camera bag. 
82. - Very compactFor a Canon S5, it's incredible how this bag does it's function to pack the camera without requiring additional space or weight as traditional bags will do. 
83. Anyway, the remaining space on the bag would be useful only for SD cards, do not expect to carry extra AA batteries inside it.At beginning, I though a little harder to pack my Canon S5 inside this bag. 
84. Or the bag material is more malleable now, or I just learned how to use it. 
85. Anyway, it works fine now.- Very practicalThis bag has a little strap that you can easily attach (and remove) from the camera neck strap. 
86. This case may still be helpful, however, as it is only slightly bigger than the camera itself, and will probably fit inside a larger bag and protect the camera when it is hanging from your neck.
87. This bag is too small. 

negative sentences : 
1. I also have a larger Canon bag that holds this case plus my other lenses, extra batteries, manual, and cables.  
2. When I took it out of the car it was again turned on with the lens tube extended.Next time I tried a different bag, that time the lens cap came off but nothing else happened.This "soft case" is a snug fit, but my G6 needs that protection for the prominent "on" switch and the friction fit lens cap to prevent the camera from damaging itself when being transported.
3. The bag is very small, no room for any extra stuff...just the camera strap. 
4. The bag is nice, but not a good use of space, pockets are closed and the bag can not carry anything else the the camera, not even a space for 4 extra batteries. 
5. If you need to carry more get a different bag.
6. To insert the camera into the bag is an effort as such. 
7. As far as the batteries goes, rechargeable batteries are soo good, I can take 100's of pictures in just one charge, so there is no need to carry extra batteries in this camera bag. 
8. I would buy some other larger bag if you need to use it to carry batteries and any other accessories.  
9. It is mainly a camera carrying case only.Other than that, the bag is perfect fit for the camera.
10. I just wanted a case, as in a protective case and not a separate bag to carry it, so that I can just put the camera in my laptop bag or a backpack.On the box it said its for S1, S2 but the Canon accessory pack that comes for S5 has the same case in it. 
11. I just wanted a case, as in a protective case and not a separate bag to carry it, so that I can just put the camera in my laptop bag or a backpack.On the box it said its for S1, S2 but the Canon accessory pack that comes for S5 has the same case in it. 
12. Some people thought it was to be a gadget bag for multiple items. 
13. People that complain about the camera's shoulder strap not fitting inside the bag are missing the point.  
14. I guess I was looking for more of a "camera bag" and got this case.  
15. I'm sure I can find a generic bag that will be more useful, but I shouldn't need to after buying Canon's custom bag especially designed for this set of cameras.
16. If you need other room for something,don't buy this one.But...it really works for me.I don't need additional space for other stuff,only put camera in this pretty bag and take picture for my kids during school days.You don't have to put the shouder strap inside the bag instead you can use it as the bag's strap and it is easy use for me.I really like this bag!
17. The bag is emblazoned with a pointless logo.  
18. If you need a bag to hold other gear like lenses, this is not the bag for you.  
19. It's true, this bag does not fit your manuals, extra lenses, etc. 
20. Since the camera is not small, a larger bag would make it hard to carry around. 
21. If you want a bag that fits other stuff with it, this is not the one.  
22. That's why this bag does not have its own neck strap. 
23. I could carry with my previous camera bag with the camera.  
24. This bag doesn't allow that.Other than that it is a OK built bag and sturdy enough for daily use.
25. This bag doesn't allow that.Other than that it is a OK built bag and sturdy enough for daily use.

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : strap, positive Score : 75 and negative Score :-28
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. This case can stay with your camera all the time (it hangs on the camera's own strap), and protect it from bumps and bonks, but that's about it.  
2. The strap is fine - it's supposed to be used as the carrying strap like the older styles - overall, it was pretty much what I expected and I like it a lot.  
3. The only negative comment that I can make, is that the zippers do not stay near the top where they are placed (they do not have a lock), but this nuisance is minor because the top strap with the velcro lock prevents the camera from accidentally falling from the case.
4. The one disadvantage is that it does not have a strap of its own.  
5. First note:  for those saying "this case does not have a strap"...you are correct it doesn't.  
6. Both of these concerns are easily addressed by letting the camera's own strap hang out either side of the case.For this listed price, what one should expect in a case is simply protection for the camera-- that's exactly what this unit provides.
7. As for it not having a strap of it's own, you're supposed to use the camera strap. 
8. :) The camera fits great into the case, and the openings are perfect for the strap to be left out so that the camera can be carried without risk of dropping it. 
9. It would also be  nice if it  had a strap. 
10. The strap can fit in if you do this - start in the center of the strap, folding it in about 3" lengths.  
11. As the recent reviews point out, it doesn't have its own strap because the camera's strap slips through the openings on either side of the top flap which velcros to the front of the bag.  
12. Once the strap is attached, case will not close completely which causes concern that the camera may fall out.
13. It's method of utilizing the camera's strap takes a little getting used to but offers the versatility of being able to go with or without the case in a snap (literally).  
14. The strap is fine - it's supposed to be used as the carrying strap like the older styles - overall, it was pretty much what I expected and I like it a lot.  
15. There are openings for the camera's own strap to protrude. 
16. Not having a strap is also a big minus.
17. I don't try to squeeze in batteries or anything else - and I can carry my camera with its own strap. 
18. Then continue to slide the camera backwards into the rear of the case.Furthermore, this was done with the cap lens cord attached to the Neck Strap adjacent to the closest strap mount on the camera. 
19. Then continue to slide the camera backwards into the rear of the case.Furthermore, this was done with the cap lens cord attached to the Neck Strap adjacent to the closest strap mount on the camera. 
20. Anyway, it works fine now.- Very practicalThis bag has a little strap that you can easily attach (and remove) from the camera neck strap. 
21. In addition, $15 is pretty cheap for this such a nice Canon case.05/02: Cons: no strap - very inconvenient when taking out the camera, I have to hang the case on the camera's strap.  
22. That way when you are carrying the camera bag around your neck you can easily slide the case right off and use the camera.It also has a small button loop to attach to the camera strap so that when you take the camera out, the case will fall down but still be connected to the camera while its around your neck.If you want to keep the case around your belt loop you can either:1) Tuck the strap under the velcro strap of the case (it sticks out a bit on the sides but it still works, barely)or2) Put small clips on the neck strap so that you can easily remove it when you want to put the case around your waste.If you do step 2 you should attach a small wrist strap to the camera.  
23. That way when you are carrying the camera bag around your neck you can easily slide the case right off and use the camera.It also has a small button loop to attach to the camera strap so that when you take the camera out, the case will fall down but still be connected to the camera while its around your neck.If you want to keep the case around your belt loop you can either:1) Tuck the strap under the velcro strap of the case (it sticks out a bit on the sides but it still works, barely)or2) Put small clips on the neck strap so that you can easily remove it when you want to put the case around your waste.If you do step 2 you should attach a small wrist strap to the camera.  
24. Like extra batteries, manual, strap etc.
25. this case is excellent. its primary purpose is to protect the camera. exactly fits the camera. i guess they didnot provide the slots for batteries because, they wanted to make the  bag small and easy to carry. you can also carry the camera using the neck strap. and this is perfect for that and very stylish. i would highly recommend for a s2 or s3
26. Also I do not like wearing it with my belt so every time I take the camera out, it hangs from the camera strap with a small tight loop that is fastened by a button. 
27. I attached an extra shoulder strap to the bag to get the balky bag off my belt, and it is not well balanced and one time hung upside down, dropping the camera on a carpeted floor.
28. The included camera strap is too big to fit inside the bag, and it hangs down.  
29. Those cases were designed to protect the camera from wear and tear, and the strap always went outside with those cases.
30. My only downer was a lack of a clip or some such device on the case itself to attach it to the camera or camera strap once it is open and free from the camera.  
31. Returned product as it did not have a strap and was to small to hold any accessories ie batteries etc
32. If you keep the strap with the camera and loop it over the lit of the bag, it is now the strap of the whole thing and you don't have to put the strap inside the bag. 
33. The case is quite small and has the smallest handle/strap on it. 
34. It is designed to use your camera's own carry strap. 
35. However, taking pictures with lots of items dangling from the camera (carry strap, camera bag, lens cap) is a bit awkward.This bag has no carry strap of its own. 
36. The case is also built in such a way that you can have the neck strap come out of the top of the case, and wear the camera, case and all, around your neck.There isn't any room to spare, but when you're talking about a camera case like this one can you really ask more than a neck strap, a change of batteries and a spare card?
37. The pocket in the back of the inside is large enough for me to fit 4 back up AAs and a spare SD card in it's protective case.The reviewer who said the bag popped open when he put the neck strap inside is either mistaken, or he was placing the camera in the case backwards. 
38. Some of the fault goes to the camera, not the bag - the S2 IS is not really big or hefty enough to need a neck strap; a wrist strap would have been a better call for it.
39. The camera's own strap is used for suspending the bag from a shoulder or neck; it has a belt loop on the back if one wishes to transport it that way.  
40. With a strap and slightly larger, a winner, but as is, I suggest a Tamrac #3 SLR case.
41. There's a small strap on the case that you can button around something to preserve the case (see customer photo).  
42. I read all the reviews before buying this case.The best thing about this is: the camera fits in properly with a little space for an additional set of batteries too.I would have preferred if it came with a neck strap but overall satisfied and there are no other better products in the market I feel.A worth buy for this awesome camera
43. A long strap so that one can hang the case with the camera on one's shoulder.2. 
44. I am 6 feet tall and, with the camera strap around my neck, there is no way that I could attach the belt loop to my pants. 
45. The case also has a small snap loop that you can use to dangle the case from the camera strap's right side, but then it would interfere with the operation of the camera itself.Beside the fact that there is no good way to store the camera case when you take the camera out, the case is too small anyway. 
46. It does the job, but I would have loved it so much more if it had it's own strap. 
47. When using the camera frequently, these zips can be left undone, and the velcro tab alone used.Only the camera's strap is used - an important plus point since it avoids you mistaking the two straps and keeping a firm grip on the inexpensive case while your expensive camera crashes to the concrete.As others have pointed out, the case can be removed altogether while shooting, or else pushed to one side on its snap-fastened strap, a somewhat clumsly but usable system.However, in my view the optimum case for a camera of this type was invented 70 or more years ago.  
48. When using the camera frequently, these zips can be left undone, and the velcro tab alone used.Only the camera's strap is used - an important plus point since it avoids you mistaking the two straps and keeping a firm grip on the inexpensive case while your expensive camera crashes to the concrete.As others have pointed out, the case can be removed altogether while shooting, or else pushed to one side on its snap-fastened strap, a somewhat clumsly but usable system.However, in my view the optimum case for a camera of this type was invented 70 or more years ago.  
49. It is of clam-shell design, with a top velcro fastening strap that secures the two halves, and two zips on the side that tighten the closure further if required.  
50. Plus it came with a nice strap.
51. For a relatively expensive camera with all the bells & whistles, Canon supplied a camera case that 1) pulls off the camera's lens cap every time you remove the camera from the case, and 2) does not have a strap of its own (unless you count the belt loop sewn in the back).  
52. -Coushining is about 1/4 in. thick.One thing that I've noticed is that once you remove the camera from the bag, out comes the long strap with the camera, and now you have a camera bag thats awkward to put somewhere convenient.
53. The little snap-on strap can attach it to the camera's strap, but the case kind of gets in the way when we want to use the camera, so generally detach the case before taking pictures.
54. To keep the case from catching on the strap buckle, move the buckle to high on the strap arm.Don't try to cram batteries into the interior pocket -- you can carry an extra memory card, but that's it. 
55. I like the fact that you're able to carry your camera in this compact case using the camera's own neck strap.  
56. Still its very nice for day trips on the belt or put on your own neck strap . 
57. Well, there is a mini strap that you can use to keep it attached to the camera neck strap, which isn't a very good idea because the case gets in the way when you shoot pictures. 
58. I put the bag on my belt, it is sort of like a fanny pack.I recommend this case and to buy a wrist strap as an ideal solution to make the S2 the most portable and unobtrusive to your trip.

negative sentences : 
1. People that complain about the camera's shoulder strap not fitting inside the bag are missing the point.  
2. If you need other room for something,don't buy this one.But...it really works for me.I don't need additional space for other stuff,only put camera in this pretty bag and take picture for my kids during school days.You don't have to put the shouder strap inside the bag instead you can use it as the bag's strap and it is easy use for me.I really like this bag!
3. It also doesn't have a strap of its own, so there is no way to hold on to it when you are using the camera.
4. Many people complain about not being able to fit the strap inside the case; many more complain aobut the case itself not having it's own strap.  
5. Many people complain about not being able to fit the strap inside the case; many more complain aobut the case itself not having it's own strap.  
6. And because it has no strap of its own, when I take the camera out of it, it is loose and I have to hang on to it.  
7. It's too small, there is not strap, no extra pockets for your batteries or cards.  
8. It worked perfectly with my camera.No additional neck strap - Just use the cameras! 
9. I use that along with the camera's neck strap for added support.The other minor issue is that I wish the zips on the sides had a way to keep it all the way closed in order to keep small amounts of natural elements out. 
10. Keep in mind also that it doesn't come with a strap, you have to use the camera's strap, which is no big deal, unless you don't have one.
11. The camera with its attached neck strap barely fit in the case.  
12. The case has a belt loop, but no actual strap. 
13. If you need to stow the included camera strap and accessories, then a camera bag would be the solution. 
14. It's compact, secure, and no needless bulk from pockets or strap.  
15. It is not a practical carrying case.The least I would have expected is for Canon to design a concelable strap for this case. 
16. You can cram the camera inside and zip it up and leave your neck strap out on top of the bag as this case has no separate strap.  
17. The bag is very small, no room for any extra stuff...just the camera strap. 
18. Fits a little to snuggly and is difficult to close with neck strap attached.
19. Or they could not stuff the original strap (which came with the camera) in to the bag. 
20. The lack of an integral handle and/or strap is a negative. 
21. However, it is not good for a Canon S5 IS because of slightly increase in size.Also with bag hanging by the side loop that goes over the camera strap it becomes very difficult to hold the camera as the bag comes in the way. 
22. That's why this bag does not have its own neck strap. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : case, positive Score : 378 and negative Score :-81
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The case is made of nice leather and fits the camera. 
2. I was looking for a reasonable priced protective case for my canon and could not find anything for a good price that didn't resemble an industrial backpack!!!  
3. My only downer was a lack of a clip or some such device on the case itself to attach it to the camera or camera strap once it is open and free from the camera.  
4. I read all the reviews before buying this case.The best thing about this is: the camera fits in properly with a little space for an additional set of batteries too.I would have preferred if it came with a neck strap but overall satisfied and there are no other better products in the market I feel.A worth buy for this awesome camera
5. I am happy with my purchase.(+) Canon S3 fits into this case prety sung. a perfect fit.(-) It won't have any room for more than 4 extra battries.
6. This case is small. 
7. Its a good case for the money. 
8. All it holds is the camera, but as someone who needs something to protect the camera when its in a larger bag (book bag)this case works great!
9. If you twist the case even a little with the camera inside, there's a chance it will simply pop open. 
10. Bottom line: this is a nice and stylish, but not very functional case for those who don't necessarily need a lot of extra gear (or just happen to have a small camera) ... 
11. I found that the Canon PSC-75 case is a perfect mate for my Canon S3 IS camera. 
12. A very nice case, however, this case was suggested and did not fit the camera I purchased. 
13. A very nice case, however, this case was suggested and did not fit the camera I purchased. 
14. Large-- holds a large amount of stuff (but still not enough).This camera case is Small.  
15. There's a small strap on the case that you can button around something to preserve the case (see customer photo).  
16. It is more of a protective covering than a case, which is exactly what I wanted.  
17. This is a small case; it only holds the camera, but it's just right if you want to protect the camera without taking up much space.  
18. This is a very small case that has just enough room to fit the camera  inside. 
19. Its a simple black leather case with netting on the side. 
20. They could have designed this somewhat differently and added some room on the side or made the case a little larger but overall it does the job. 
21. Its a nice looking case and good for carrying your Canon Camera in. 
22. The pocket in the back of the inside is large enough for me to fit 4 back up AAs and a spare SD card in it's protective case.The reviewer who said the bag popped open when he put the neck strap inside is either mistaken, or he was placing the camera in the case backwards. 
23. It's a great case that allow you to have an additional pack of battery and an extra Card. 
24. Would it have been too much to add a small pocket on the side or back of the case for 4 extra batteries?
25. Although you can cramp batteries in there, you will have to carry the charger separately.Nevertheless, I love this product, and little thinking while designing the case is nice; like that little nylon strip that locks around the camera strap to keep the two together. 
26. Let's you whip the camera out in a jiffy for unexpected moments and leave the case dangling, without bothering to carry it or look for some place to keep it.Overall, nice product! 
27. (With batteries, the top velcro will latch, but the bag edges will have a gap).This case is soft-sided with lite padding. 
28. Due to these three closures and the tight fit, getting the camera inside isn't as speedy as putting it in a larger bag.The case is easy to keep track of due to a leash which snaps around the camera's carry strap. 
29. The camera is really good, but the case could be better!
30. I have had difficulties in handling the case, especially when putting thne camera in, since the lense hood often comes off while pushing the camera into the case.  
31. There is no space in the case for extra batteries either!
32. The plus side is good craftmanship, nice materials and a compact case.
33. This is a perfect little camema case for the Canon S2 IS.  
34. While it is true that the case is rather small, it is nicely padded inside and fits perfectly around the camera, keeping the camera stable so it doesn't bounce around.  
35. If absolutely the only thing you need is to protect your cam when placing it in a larger bag, then this case might suffice for you.  
36. I bought the camera and case for an upcoming trip.  
37. The case is quite small and has the smallest handle/strap on it. 
38. I was disappointed with the soft case. 
39. This deluxe case is simply a cover for the camera with a small pocket for an extra disc.  
40. This is just a carry case and nothing more.  
41. In addition, the is no carrying strap included, so you are more or less forced to attach the large case to your belt.The only plus is that the camera case is definitely high quality materials and construction.
42. In addition, the is no carrying strap included, so you are more or less forced to attach the large case to your belt.The only plus is that the camera case is definitely high quality materials and construction.
43. This is a great camera case. 
44. There is a little pocket inside the case to fit an extra SD card and spare batteries. 
45. The case is a tight fit, but I think that helps protect the camera. 
46. The camera in pictures looks like the SX10 IS but now that I have the case I notice that that case appears to be held open as far as possible so that you can't tell that IT WON'T CLOSE WITH THE CAMERA INSIDE!!!!!  
47. If you just want a compact case to hold your Canon camera (ours is a S2 IS) this will do.  
48. This case is a perfect fit for the Canon PowerShot S3IS.  
49. It's a very nice, quality case.I would recommend this case to anyone that simply wants to protect their camera, without creating a bulky item to carry around.
50. The camera is already big so I recomend this case for when you need to carry it in a purse or small bag.  
51. This is a nice case, it fits the camera perfectly.Almost too perfectly for my taste, there is barely room to get extra memory cards or your transfer cord into the case with the camera. 
52. If you are looking for something to just hold your camera like a glove, then this is for you, if you are expecting extra storage space, pick another case.
53. However, the case is too tight to store an extra set of batteries and memory card without stuffing them in.  
54. Although it is a nice looking case and seems to be of solid construction, I would advise against getting this case if you like to have space for extra batteries, memory cards, etc.(2 weeks later)I've recently bought the Case Logic TBC-4, and it's great for my Canon S2.  
55. I'm sorry to say we were extremely disapointed in the camera case. we could barely get the camera in, but what good is the camera and case when you can't even put in the cords, and even a place for the extra memory cards? 
56. I'm sorry to say we were extremely disapointed in the camera case. we could barely get the camera in, but what good is the camera and case when you can't even put in the cords, and even a place for the extra memory cards? 
57. We bought the camera for my holidays, but we will have to go buy a real case! 
58. our old case was small and compact, but had pockets and compartments to keep all the 'gear' in one place, and the batteries, you ALWAYS need extra batteries and memory cards when you are in a different country.and the mini tripod stand, and when we opened this box, and saw this piddly little thing, I have seen thongs larger than this camera case! 
59. our old case was small and compact, but had pockets and compartments to keep all the 'gear' in one place, and the batteries, you ALWAYS need extra batteries and memory cards when you are in a different country.and the mini tripod stand, and when we opened this box, and saw this piddly little thing, I have seen thongs larger than this camera case! 
60. After first receiving this case in the mail, I was dissapointed with the small size of the case.  
61. However, if you plan on using any of the attachments for the camera (lens adapter/hood/filters), get a bigger case.  
62. If you're slightly off you have to either remove the camera and try again, or the lens cap falls off and needs to be replaced.This exact case, if only slightly larger, would be perfect.
63. The case also has a small snap loop that you can use to dangle the case from the camera strap's right side, but then it would interfere with the operation of the camera itself.Beside the fact that there is no good way to store the camera case when you take the camera out, the case is too small anyway. 
64. The case also has a small snap loop that you can use to dangle the case from the camera strap's right side, but then it would interfere with the operation of the camera itself.Beside the fact that there is no good way to store the camera case when you take the camera out, the case is too small anyway. 
65. Also, there is only one small mesh compartment on the case (which is on the inside) and it is barely large enough to store an extra set of four batteries. 
66. I like the new case much better.
67. I purchased this case for my brand new Canon S5 IS because I wanted a minimal, super-lightweight case for when I'm only carrying the camera (no lenses, flash, etc.) 
68. I purchased this case for my brand new Canon S5 IS because I wanted a minimal, super-lightweight case for when I'm only carrying the camera (no lenses, flash, etc.) 
69. I have another case to carry the camera plus accessories, but when I'm only carrying the camera itself, I don't want to tote a large, padded case.You must have your camera strap attached to your camera (not the case), and you snap the case's little loop over one side of your camera strap. 
70. I have another case to carry the camera plus accessories, but when I'm only carrying the camera itself, I don't want to tote a large, padded case.You must have your camera strap attached to your camera (not the case), and you snap the case's little loop over one side of your camera strap. 
71. The soft case may appear a little larger than it really is.  
72. I like the fact that you're able to carry your camera in this compact case using the camera's own neck strap.  
73. I give it a 4 becuase its not perfect but its a buy simply put its the most compact case you could get for this camera and its to be belt worn . 
74. Camara fits, but you will soon be replacing this with a larger case.
75. The case is a perfect fit for the camera.  
76. Well, there is a mini strap that you can use to keep it attached to the camera neck strap, which isn't a very good idea because the case gets in the way when you shoot pictures. 
77. This case was made for the Canon S1 IS / S2 IS, so it drops right in the case.  
78. Zip up the sides of the case and the camera strap fits up through the opening at both sides at the top and a velcro flap goes over the top.I also have a larger case to hold the camera and extras if I'm going to need it but I just want a case to slip the camera back into after using it.  
79. This is why you keep your Tx in a padded case and treat it like it's made of glass and you'll have great reliability.My Canon A75 is over 4 years old and works and looks like new and I do mean like new.  
80. This is a great case for the Powershot S2, given the application.  
81. For instance, if your application requires you to carry extra batteries, lenses,..., get a third party case. 
82. But don't forget, a case that you carry and is not on your belt loop will allow the camera to get lost easier.This case excel's at providing fitted padded leather protection for the camera.  
83. By adding a spare memory card in the inside back pouch, closing the case becomes a squeezing challenge.  
84. This is really a very good case for traveling, that is going to and from a vacation spot or place of interest.Using it as a case attached to the camera is totally, useless, very difficult to get the S3 in or out, zippers cannot close, hard to get the camera back into the case, a really clumsy affair.But as I had said, for getting on a plane or a ship or a car and keeping the camera protected it is useful.
85. This is really a very good case for traveling, that is going to and from a vacation spot or place of interest.Using it as a case attached to the camera is totally, useless, very difficult to get the S3 in or out, zippers cannot close, hard to get the camera back into the case, a really clumsy affair.But as I had said, for getting on a plane or a ship or a car and keeping the camera protected it is useful.
86. Recently at Busch Gardens Tampa, the belt clip on this case meant the camera could be secured to my belt for riding the roller coasters alleviating the need to get a locker just for the camera.Anyway, a great protective case for your S3 IS. 
87. Imagine my surprise when not only the camera fit, but 4 AA batteries, and the folded strap fit, as well (albeit the top flap is not quite completely overlapping all the velcro...).With the extra batteries, the camera and case is a little too heavy for my belt, but it's good to have a close-fitting case to protect the camera when we're on the move.I think the trick may be getting the camer all the way down into the case, and having the lense pointing out (toward the logo plate).Unless quality control is lacking, and some cases are tighter than others, I don't understand the "too tight" complaints regarding this case.
88. Imagine my surprise when not only the camera fit, but 4 AA batteries, and the folded strap fit, as well (albeit the top flap is not quite completely overlapping all the velcro...).With the extra batteries, the camera and case is a little too heavy for my belt, but it's good to have a close-fitting case to protect the camera when we're on the move.I think the trick may be getting the camer all the way down into the case, and having the lense pointing out (toward the logo plate).Unless quality control is lacking, and some cases are tighter than others, I don't understand the "too tight" complaints regarding this case.
89. Imagine my surprise when not only the camera fit, but 4 AA batteries, and the folded strap fit, as well (albeit the top flap is not quite completely overlapping all the velcro...).With the extra batteries, the camera and case is a little too heavy for my belt, but it's good to have a close-fitting case to protect the camera when we're on the move.I think the trick may be getting the camer all the way down into the case, and having the lense pointing out (toward the logo plate).Unless quality control is lacking, and some cases are tighter than others, I don't understand the "too tight" complaints regarding this case.
90. So here's the overview of the pros and cons of this case for the Canon S2.Pros:1) Fits the Canon S2 perfect when used CORRECTLY.2) Looks great and provides good protection for your camera.3) Inside pocket for SD card is very cool.4) Great design that lets you utilize your existing neck strapon your camera.5) The price for this quality of case is very good.
91. I thought the case was perfect for my needs.  
92. This soft case fits the camera well and does the job of protecting it. 
93. I have a larger case that does take the batters and memory cards but it is so big that it doesn't fit into even a large handbag and takes up masses of space in a rucksack so you always end up carrying it separately.  
94. This case is neat enough that it will fit into my handbag if I wish - I find that batteries and memory cards can usually be thrown into pockets or some other bag.So, in conclusion, this is probably the case for you if you are just looking for a neat case to protect your camera.  
95. This case is neat enough that it will fit into my handbag if I wish - I find that batteries and memory cards can usually be thrown into pockets or some other bag.So, in conclusion, this is probably the case for you if you are just looking for a neat case to protect your camera.  
96. If you are looking for a big padded case to carry all the extras around too, don't buy this one.  
97. As others point out, it is a compact fit case.  
98. This case is great for carrying the camera around your neck.  
99. The case is very small and the camera, by itself, barely fits in it.  
100. We tried to get the best case for our recently bought Powershot S3 and we purchased this Soft Case.  
101. We tried to get the best case for our recently bought Powershot S3 and we purchased this Soft Case.  
102. However, the camera fits quite tight inside of this case, and it barely has room for a spare set of anything.  
103. We could just place an additional memory card, but if you want to fit batteries or anything else, you better purchase a bigger case.It's not that I am dissapointed at this one, but I really think this should have been better.
104. Good quality case, fits well and is compact.
105. This is the perfect camera case for my camera, not too big, just the right size.  
106. This is a very nice case. 
107. When using the camera frequently, these zips can be left undone, and the velcro tab alone used.Only the camera's strap is used - an important plus point since it avoids you mistaking the two straps and keeping a firm grip on the inexpensive case while your expensive camera crashes to the concrete.As others have pointed out, the case can be removed altogether while shooting, or else pushed to one side on its snap-fastened strap, a somewhat clumsly but usable system.However, in my view the optimum case for a camera of this type was invented 70 or more years ago.  
108. When using the camera frequently, these zips can be left undone, and the velcro tab alone used.Only the camera's strap is used - an important plus point since it avoids you mistaking the two straps and keeping a firm grip on the inexpensive case while your expensive camera crashes to the concrete.As others have pointed out, the case can be removed altogether while shooting, or else pushed to one side on its snap-fastened strap, a somewhat clumsly but usable system.However, in my view the optimum case for a camera of this type was invented 70 or more years ago.  
109. Like any standard camera case, it should consist of two parts: a base part attached to the frame by the tripod fitting, and a second part that fits up and over the camera body, with a snap fastener at the rear - the standard camera case for viewfinder and SLR cameras ever since the bellows were abandoned.  
110. Like any standard camera case, it should consist of two parts: a base part attached to the frame by the tripod fitting, and a second part that fits up and over the camera body, with a snap fastener at the rear - the standard camera case for viewfinder and SLR cameras ever since the bellows were abandoned.  
111. This case works great for our new camera. 
112. This is not a good design for a camera case as the case is too large and the camera and case would be too heavy to be supported by ones trouser's belt.
113. This is not a good design for a camera case as the case is too large and the camera and case would be too heavy to be supported by ones trouser's belt.
114. This is not a good design for a camera case as the case is too large and the camera and case would be too heavy to be supported by ones trouser's belt.
115. Despite that it's still a very nice soft case.
116. This case does exactly what it is advertised to do: it is a form-fitting case, not a camera bag.  
117. The case is not over-sized and there is no room for anything but the camera and maybe an extra memory card in a pocket in the back on the inside.  
118. But, if you want a compact case to protect your camera, this does the job very well.  
119. The case has thick padding and seems like it will do a good job protecting the camera from shock.  
120. Overall a brilliant case which is inexpensive and from Canon for your S5 IS.
121. This is an excellent case for a camera, very well constructed, high quality materials.however, it is advertised for the S5, and it fits, VERY TIGHT. you will not have space for anything else than the camera, and it takes time to put the camera in to the case.  
122. The case is a bit cramped and fits nothing more than the camera and one other small item like extra batteries or the USB cable.  
123. If you're looking for a full-blown carry case that can hold accessories, this is not the case for you.  
124. I purchased this camera case for my new PowerShot S5IS.  
125. After receiving the camera case I decided to send it back unopened as it appears this camera case is better suited for smaller cameras than the PowerShot S5IS.
126. Although this case is a great fit for the camera and seems to fit the camera nicely, it does not provide a safe location for you camera.  
127. This case is small with little padding and does not come with any sort of strap or belt to hold on to. 
128. This camera case is a bit too small.  
129. This is a no-frills case.  
130. I like the soft sided case but it seems too small for the camera.  
131. Once the strap is attached, case will not close completely which causes concern that the camera may fall out.
132. The case is snug. 
133. I had to buy it to find out.The Canon S3-IS camera fits in the case just fine with 4 extra batteries in the pocket.  
134. Taking this approach is a benefit in my book as it eliminates any chance of the camera falling out when wearing it by the strap.The camera fits snugly in the nicely padded case with just the right "tightness" and the zippers on the sides make it easy to get the camera in and out.Wouldn't change a thing.
135. Canon needs to design a new case for the S5.
136. The camera is a very snug fit in the camera case -- that is a good thing -- no chaffing.
137. This case is great. 
138. The camera case is very good for protecting the camera, but is too small for any additional equipment, like batteries, and instruction book.  
139. The S5Is case is very snug but the camera does fit in ths case.
140. If you want something to help you carry a few extras (as most people do) then get something else.On a final note, the case does seem to protect the camera well and is fine for that if that is all that you want.
141. This is a handsome and durable case.  
142. This was a great find for me and I recommend it to any owner of a Canon S3-IS who is looking for a case just large enough for the camera, an extra set of bats, memory card and that can be put on your belt for easy carying.
143. For what it is, a soft case, I think there are better options out there.
144. Great case to protect your canon S5IS. 
145. This camera case is a PERFECT fit for my new Canon Powershot S5 IS camera. 
146. This case is meant as a protective case for the camera only. 
147. This case is meant as a protective case for the camera only. 
148. I use the little loop to attach the case to the neckstrap when I am using the camera. 
149. I wanted a small case for my S2IS, and this fit the bill perfectly.  
150. This case is too small for Canon PowerShot Pro Series S5 IS 8.0MP Digital Camera.Canon PSC-75 Deluxe Soft Case for S1 IS, S2 IS, and G6 Cameras.
151. The first version of this review bashed the case for being too small to comfortably fit Canon Powershot S2 IS.I have since found that the camera DOES actually fit well enough if you are careful when putting it in.  
152. When inserting it (lens facing forward), you need to push it all the way to the back of the case, so that the bottom edge of the lens touches the bottom of the case, NOT the front.If you don't do it right, the case will buldge, and you will probably find out when re-opening it that that flimsy lens cover has fallen off (oops!).
153. There are no frills to this case, just convenient and smart looking.  
154. I rate this case as barely adequate because it just barely protects the camera.  
155. This case is awesome. 
156. This is a wonderful case for an even better camera.  
157. At the back of the case there's a small pouch where you can fit 4 batteries for a complete battery change.  
158. This is a nice leather case, however it is very small. 
159. I ordered this case for my new PowerShot S3 IS camera. 
160. If you want to carry more stuff than just the camera and spare batteries, then yes, you will need a bigger case.  
161. I think that this case is great.  
162. Great price for a case to protect the camera. 
163. I have a bigger case to keep camera stuff in. 
164. The case is fine if all you want to do is place the Canon PowerShot S2IS in it ...That fits fine. 
165. Just purchased the Cannon powershot S3 IS and the case and I am very happy with it so far! 
166. :) The camera fits great into the case, and the openings are perfect for the strap to be left out so that the camera can be carried without risk of dropping it. 
167. The Canon PSC-75 soft case look nice, but I do not recommend it. 
168. The case is well made, but it is a tight fit and you can expect to cycle the camera in and out of the case several times before the case "stretches" like a glove.  
169. The case is well made, but it is a tight fit and you can expect to cycle the camera in and out of the case several times before the case "stretches" like a glove.  
170. The case looks attractive and holds the camera in a compact manner with out much extra space. 
171. The case is nice and soft and offers good protection. 
172. So far the case is nice and durable and there are no defects.My only complaint about the bag is that it is a little big for the A650 and bulky. 
173. I want a case as small as possible for mobility, and this is the smallest case I can find.  
174. I want a case as small as possible for mobility, and this is the smallest case I can find.  
175. I actually bought a larger case for traveling.  
176. Seems like a decent quality case, but it doesn't meet my needs.
177. The actual case is just large enough for the camera and nothing else. 
178. This case is useful only for carrying the camera - and it is not enclosed to keep out the weather, dust, rain, ice cream drips, etc. 
179. This is a very nice camera case, but it would be even better if it had just a little more room to hold an extra set of batteries.  
180. This case is a tight fit for an S3 camera, but that's what you really want, so the camera doesn't bang around inside.  
181. My S5 IS does indeed fit, and the case is snug as mentioned in other reviews. 
182. I saw some reviews about this case being small . 
183. This is a nice case but I found my Canon PowerShot Pro Series S5 IS 8.0MP Digital Camera with 12x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom is a very tight fit in this case.  
184. This is a nice case but I found my Canon PowerShot Pro Series S5 IS 8.0MP Digital Camera with 12x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom is a very tight fit in this case.  
185. When you take the camera out, there is the problem of finding a convenient place for the case.
186. I have the Soft Case from a time. 
187. This is simply a great case for my S2 camera.  
188. This case is perfect if you want something to protect your S2/S3 camera.  
189. it protects your camera like no other case.  
190. I could shove it in, but there was no way I could zip it up.Find a bigger case if you order the S5.
191. This soft case does everything it is advertised to do.  
192. Canon PowerShot Pro Series S5 IS 8.0MP Digital Camera with 12x Optical Image Stabilized ZoomReally great leather case for camera. 
193. All the bags available for such a camera (a little bigger than regular ones) were either too large or too compact and eventually I had to settle for a larger case, which was spacious but also cumbersome to handle sometimes. 
194. Maybe I set my expectations too high, but I was under the impression that the case would at least have room for a spare set of batteries and an additional memory card. 
195. I owned an S1 IS w/ accompanying PSC-75 case... it fit great.I just bought an S5 IS, no one said this case would or would not fit the S5.  
196. This case has great construction, and if you're looking for a great compact case like I was, this one will do the trick. 
197. This case has great construction, and if you're looking for a great compact case like I was, this one will do the trick. 
198. I didn't realized when I bought this camera case that it was so small.  
199. Only issue was that nobody local carried the PSC-75 case so I had to order online.
200. I would recommend a slightly larger case with room for some other items [even very small items].  
201. Just what I was looking for - a quality small case to protect my Canon S2 IS camera.  
202. I'm glad I read all the reviews here and I decided to purchase the soft case for my Canon S2 IS because I was looking for a smaller less bulkier one.  
203. I am going to Italy in a month and would like to take the camera with me and needed a protective case.  
204. Since I usually carry a bigger purse or bag during my travels, I just needed a compact case to put the camera in. 
205. I assumed since they listed this case and no other, that this one would work.The S5 does sort of fit the case, but not perfectly, and it tends to knock the lens cover loose if you try. 
206. It's a nice looking case and I'm sure it's great on the cameras listed. 
207. Protecting the camera and lens is what a camera CASE is supposed to do, and this Canon PSC-75 does it perfectly.When you read the reviews where people complain that there is no storage for batteries, and other items, please remember that they apparently bought a camera case when thay wanted a camera bag, and then they chose to blame Canon for their stupidity.This is a great camera case.  
208. In a pinch, a set of extra batteries can be stored there, but it is a snug fit.I find that this well made, stylish, padded case is a perfect fit for my S2 and protects it both when traveling and while just walking around. 
209. I bought a Canon S5 IS camera and it seemed like a good idea to get a case for it. 
210. This case is so small it is useless. 
211. If you put a spare SD card in the case you'll have to throw away the lens cap!
212. As several others have already noted, the case is way, way too small.  
213. The case looked fine on the photos but it is just too small for the camera.
214. I'm glad I bought the camera case.  
215. This case may be appropriate for many of the Canon cameras, but for the IS, it is too small, probably because of the longer lens. 
216. The case is a little too small for the camera and extra batteries and memory cards
217. I bought this Case, as it was mentioned as an Accessory for my Canon S5-IS.This case is so small that my Canon wont fit into it.Whoever said that this was a case for Canon S5-IS, guys please read the reviews before buying it, I did a big mistake by buying it.
218. The most perfect case for the canon S3 !!!!
219. The soft case for the Canon PS 5I fits like a glove and was delivered overnight as I ordered. 
220. I bought this without reading the review's,it's a nice case but the S5 barely fits.It came today and goes back tomorrow.
221. This case is a bit loose even with a camera that fits in it (I tried it on an SLR camera that's about the right size). 
222. Like I said, I wanted a nice "Cannon" brand case that didn't cost as much as the camera, and this is currently the best solution to those conditons.
223. Canon PSC-75 Deluxe Soft Case for S1 IS, S2 IS, and G6 CamerasVery good soft case, just what I needed in short trips with my Canon S1 IS digital camera.
224. PositivesI find this Canon PSC-75 Case to be perfect size for carrying Canon PowerShot S3 IS camera for my multi-day hikes. 
225. I needed a case that was compact and light to lug around but also to have the camera accessible without having to take off my backpack. 
226. I, however, was looking for a small form fitting camera case for my Powershot S3IS. 
227. This soft case is exactly what I've wanted to protect my Canon S3 camera.  
228. I can even put the camera, in the soft case, into my larger equipment bag and have the whole bundle handy. 
229. this case is excellent. its primary purpose is to protect the camera. exactly fits the camera. i guess they didnot provide the slots for batteries because, they wanted to make the  bag small and easy to carry. you can also carry the camera using the neck strap. and this is perfect for that and very stylish. i would highly recommend for a s2 or s3
230. It does seem a trifle small, but since I HATE returning things I'm using it for a Sony Cybershot that is much more comfortable in these surroundings, and, even though I have no qualms about buying clothing and other things over the net (Amazon not pig-in-a-poke Ebay) I'll go to Wally's and pick out a bag since I now need a gym bag anyway to cart everything around with.I've got to get out of this reading all the reviews rut, just makes me buy more.Added later-I do like this case for my sony and if you use the loop on the left to pull the camera (or radio wrist grip in my case) it is handy and doesn't seem susceptible to accidental dropping.Look on ebay for cases- there's a ton of Lowepro and other great things- who cares if they might be "used"-the one you buy will be tomorrow.Now I'm going to get comments from purists who ask why I'm carrying a Sony in a Canon case.I now realize I'm contradicting myself but consistancy is the hobgloblin of small minds
231. Unfortunately, only had a belt-loop (the kind that you would have to wear with the belt).The case is just right for the camera. 
232. Lost some shipping charges in the process.Instead, I got a much better case from SonySony LCS-VAC Soft Carrying Case for most Sony MiniDV, DVD & HDD Camcorders
233. Lost some shipping charges in the process.Instead, I got a much better case from SonySony LCS-VAC Soft Carrying Case for most Sony MiniDV, DVD & HDD Camcorders
234. Since my Canon S3 IS camera is bulkier than many other digital cameras, I really needed a tight-fitting case that would protect the camera from damage, not a bag with lots of storage. 
235. With the camera straps protruding from the case for carrying and a single pocket inside for my extra memory cards, I have the perfect case for my needs.
236. With the camera straps protruding from the case for carrying and a single pocket inside for my extra memory cards, I have the perfect case for my needs.
237. I purchased this soft case for my Canon S5 IS.  
238. This case was sold as an accessory for the Canon S3 IS camera. 
239. It takes way too long to stuff the camera in this case to make it user friendly. 
240. I like that this case is "form fitting" to the camera.  
241. But, I have another case, slightly bigger by Case Logic that I'll still use for when I'm going to need the extra space for batteries and cables.
242. But, I have another case, slightly bigger by Case Logic that I'll still use for when I'm going to need the extra space for batteries and cables.
243. This case is soft and nicely made, but anyone who wants to carry other items than the camera in the case would find it small. 
244. This case is soft and nicely made, but anyone who wants to carry other items than the camera in the case would find it small. 
245. Case was just large enough for the camera , but nothing else. 
246. this case is too small for S3 IS camera, and I did not find it convinient either.
247. I was excited to receive the case to go with my wonderful new Canon S5 IS camera.  
248. This case is WAY too small and appears larger in the picture, for whatever reason.  
249. The case is so well padded that it forms sort of a ball. 
250. I just got this case for my new Canon S3IS.  
251. Unlike the other reviewers comments, this case perfectly fits the Canon S3IS along with 4 extra batteries.  
252. Why keep all of your expensive items in one case.This case is also best for the S3IS because it fits bottom facing down unlike most other cases around.  
253. Why keep all of your expensive items in one case.This case is also best for the S3IS because it fits bottom facing down unlike most other cases around.  
254. If you want a case thats just big enough for your camera and one set of extra batteries, buy this case. 
255. If you want a case thats just big enough for your camera and one set of extra batteries, buy this case. 
256. For me, this Case Logic is a little big and can be used for traveling (camera, SD cards, AA batteries, manual, AA-battery charger or my future converter lens).  
257. For in-town use, I use the Canon PSC-75, which can fit tightly Canon S2, 4-AA batteries (with a paper box covered), and a SD card (with its own case).Here is how I could put those items into the Canon case:1. 
258. Put a SD card (with its own case) in the pocket, facing the back of the case3. 
259. Close the top of the case. 
260. The belt loop can be hung on the camera's strap or one's loop of pants.Highly recommended to whom'd like compact and stylish case.  
261. In addition, $15 is pretty cheap for this such a nice Canon case.05/02: Cons: no strap - very inconvenient when taking out the camera, I have to hang the case on the camera's strap.  
262. Although amazon recommends this case for my s5 IS, this case is a little tight for this camera. 
263. Case is good but dont buy with Cannon S5 Is as it is too small to hold cannon S5 Is. it would be wastage of money if, you buy it for cannon S5 Is.
264. When I tried this combination of the new camera and the soft case, they fitted perfectly like a glove. 
265. In fact, there was no stretching of the soft case and there was no need to shove the camera into it with great effort. 
266. In placing the camera into the case, hold firmly the camera with middle fingers over the lens cap and tilt the camera forward so that the bottom of the lens cap touches the bottom leather part of the case. 
267. Great versatile, padded case fits my Canon S3 like a glove. 
268. With an S3, the fit is a little tight, although still usable, and the case tends to pull the lens cap off when you remove the camera from it.  
269. Also, the snap holding the case to the camera strap tends to come undone easily, making the case easy to lose.If you want a weather-proof and holds-extra-stuff case, you will need to get something larger.  
270. Also, the snap holding the case to the camera strap tends to come undone easily, making the case easy to lose.If you want a weather-proof and holds-extra-stuff case, you will need to get something larger.  
271. This case may still be helpful, however, as it is only slightly bigger than the camera itself, and will probably fit inside a larger bag and protect the camera when it is hanging from your neck.

negative sentences : 
1. The case has to come off to use the camera, so it functions best when the case is on your belt.Basically, this case is adequate, but no more.
2. I keep it attached but hang it outside the closed zippered case. 
3. My suggestion for anyone searching for this case, if it becomes unavailable, is to retain it in your "Wish List." 
4. If you want room for anything but the camera, buy a different case.
5. It would fit around a belt loop or the neckstrap of the camera, but not around anything larger.This case is made to hold the camera.  
6. I also have a larger Canon bag that holds this case plus my other lenses, extra batteries, manual, and cables.  
7. The case is extremely small and does not provide space for batteries. 
8. As noted by the previous reviewer, this case offers only protection for the camera, with space only for a memory chip and no strap. 
9. This case allows me to put my camera in my backpack without fear of it being scratched or god forbid getting bumped, turning on and trying to extend the lens.I honestly do not understand how some of these reviewers had the same case...It may not be for everyone, but it certainly works for me.
10. It is not a practical carrying case.The least I would have expected is for Canon to design a concelable strap for this case. 
11. For out of the box photography, it works.Case design is a little off and has one major drawback, it can't fit any of the accessories that Canon makes for the camera. 
12. I have always purchased cases for my cameras to protect them and my S2 is no exception.An excellent camera case and well worth getting to protect your investment.
13. The negative reviews of this camera case ignore the fundamental fact that is it a camera case and not a camera gadget bag. 
14. The case was offered as an accessory, but did not fit the camera to which it was offered. 
15. Also, there is no additional storage for extra batteries or memory cards other than a small, net pocket inside the case.  
16. The case is a minimal carrying case. 
17. The case is a minimal carrying case. 
18. When I bought Canon PowerShot S3IS, I knew that camera is excellent, but I had no idea finding a suitable case for it will be so difficult. 
19. obvious confused by multiple model #'s I ordered the wrong case even the Canon PowerShot Pro Series S5 IS 8.0MP Digital Camera with 12x Optical Image Stabilized Zoomit was listed under recomended items that were purchased  with the camera
20. But remember this case will not be able to store much.  
21. Many people complain about not being able to fit the strap inside the case; many more complain aobut the case itself not having it's own strap.  
22. Many people complain about not being able to fit the strap inside the case; many more complain aobut the case itself not having it's own strap.  
23. The only thing I think is wrong with this case is that you have to buy it. 
24. I opted to instead buy a Lowepro Edit 110 case that is still small but not as small as the PSC-75.
25. Nice Case but no room for spare batteries or pocket for SD.
26. This case is not really suitable for the PowerShot S2IS, for which I bought it.  
27. I'd like to return the favor to whom are interested.I bought the Case Logic TBC-4 before buying this Canon PSC-75.  
28. What I got was a cheap case.
29. I felt this should be a universal accessory for a camera case.  
30. I don't see why anyone could have a negative review for this case. 
31. Although the quality of the case is nice it does not fit my S3 IS comfortably, i have to push my cam inside and also make an effort to take it out as well. 
32. It was for the S5 but when I received, it was obvious that the case was not meant for the S5.  
33. It may be a fine case but I cannot use it for my camera.Canon PSC-75 Deluxe Soft Case for PowerShot S1 IS, S2 IS, and G6
34. Most of the reviews griped that the case is too small for the S3IS and that there is not enough room for batteries or other accessories. 
35. I can also fit in a SDHC USB card reader in that pocket.It is also small enough to carry around your belt while traveling around a city or an event.ConsThere is a button hook one side that you could use to hang from backpacks but it's not strong enough to hold the case and camera especially when you are hiking and there is constant swinging. 
36. I didn't want a cheap little case. 
37. After looking around for a case for the S3 IS and finding no good generic case I ordered this online. 
38. If you need to carry other things (flash or assorted lens)in the case, look elsewhere.
39. (S5IS)  It will fit, but it is very difficult to get it all the way into the case and hard to close.  
40. I love my Canon S5, and bought this case with my camera, but am returning the case because it is not big enough to hold four spare AA batteries.  
41. Forget the belt loop and allow for some small storage without overly enlarging the case and it would be more user friendly...
42. Doesn't allow camera carrying strap to fit into the case, and makes it awkward to insert the camera without knocking the flimsy lens protector off.  
43. The strap of the camera doubles up to be the strap of the case and there are poppered loops to keep the case on securely.There is not really room for spare batteries and there is no zipped pocket to store spare memory cards securely.  
44. per the  spec of this case size:5.4x5.1x4.3, but the actual measuredsize is 4.75x4.25x4.5,the spec size is the plastic box size but not the soft case size
45. Although the camera takes A4 batteries, but do not expect to be able to fit in the batteries or any extra memory card or charger or anything other than the camera itself in the case.Also, putting the camera in the case is very painful. 
46. The neck strap of the camera is the neck strap of the case - this is different than normal cases, but it works and makes sense.  
47. Batteries will be crushed against the back of the camera.As mentioned in other reviews, the camera lens cover will not stay on well, but that's because of the crappy quality of the lens cover; it will pop off if it rubs against any case, not just this one. [...].If you want a sturdy, lightly padded, close-fitting case to offer protection when you're toting only the camera, this case is great! 
48. Batteries will be crushed against the back of the camera.As mentioned in other reviews, the camera lens cover will not stay on well, but that's because of the crappy quality of the lens cover; it will pop off if it rubs against any case, not just this one. [...].If you want a sturdy, lightly padded, close-fitting case to offer protection when you're toting only the camera, this case is great! 
49. For the moment, I've switched to a CaseLogic camera case that I bought at Wal-Mart for under $7. 
50. If you close the case as much as possible it keeps pressing the power button causing the camera to turn on which will run the batteries down.  
51. It also can be attached to the camera neck strap, so you don't have to place it anywhere, you can use your camera leaving that thing hanging.It has a little compartment inside, useful for sd cards and a SMALL sd reader.The only bad thing is:Does NOT have space for extra bateries.Other than that, this case is greate.Thanks,Carlos
52. But not with the soft case.
53. I was very disappointed with this product as my Canon S2IS camera doesn't even fit in properly inside this case, even without trying to fit in other accessories like batteries etc.The case is so small that I couldn't even close its lid after I put my camera inside.I tried to put in the camera in different orientations, but none helped.
54. You can cram the camera inside and zip it up and leave your neck strap out on top of the bag as this case has no separate strap.  
55. When I took it out of the car it was again turned on with the lens tube extended.Next time I tried a different bag, that time the lens cap came off but nothing else happened.This "soft case" is a snug fit, but my G6 needs that protection for the prominent "on" switch and the friction fit lens cap to prevent the camera from damaging itself when being transported.
56. The strap of the camera doubles up to be the strap of the case and there are poppered loops to keep the case on securely.There is not really room for spare batteries and there is no zipped pocket to store spare memory cards securely.  
57. For the rest of us, putting the case down may dirty the case or you may lose it, and tucking it under your arm doesn't give you the ability to use the camera freely.  
58. I don't understand the negative reviews that this case is getting.  
59. The camera is much to big for the case.
60. I usually whip my camera out of the case fast, and the spare cards have not slipped out yet!  
61. I also don't like that you have two zippers, one on each side, that don't meet nor go up the whole way on the case. 
62. Considering the tight fit, it's only a matter of time before the lens coating gets scratched by one of the zippers.In short, this case doesn't properly fit the S5.  
63. I had looked at many camera case options for weeks before purchasing this one, and was amused reading the reviews.  
64. Look for a case that has more room.
65. I just wanted a case, as in a protective case and not a separate bag to carry it, so that I can just put the camera in my laptop bag or a backpack.On the box it said its for S1, S2 but the Canon accessory pack that comes for S5 has the same case in it. 
66. I just wanted a case, as in a protective case and not a separate bag to carry it, so that I can just put the camera in my laptop bag or a backpack.On the box it said its for S1, S2 but the Canon accessory pack that comes for S5 has the same case in it. 
67. I just wanted a case, as in a protective case and not a separate bag to carry it, so that I can just put the camera in my laptop bag or a backpack.On the box it said its for S1, S2 but the Canon accessory pack that comes for S5 has the same case in it. 
68. It is mainly a camera carrying case only.Other than that, the bag is perfect fit for the camera.
69. I have to use the camera's strap, leaving it out of the zipper, but once you unzip it, the case falls off - annoying.
70. For the rest of us, putting the case down may dirty the case or you may lose it, and tucking it under your arm doesn't give you the ability to use the camera freely.  
71. It is not a practical carrying case.The least I would have expected is for Canon to design a concelable strap for this case. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : camera, positive Score : 362 and negative Score :-72
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The case is made of nice leather and fits the camera. 
2. My only downer was a lack of a clip or some such device on the case itself to attach it to the camera or camera strap once it is open and free from the camera.  
3. My only downer was a lack of a clip or some such device on the case itself to attach it to the camera or camera strap once it is open and free from the camera.  
4. I read all the reviews before buying this case.The best thing about this is: the camera fits in properly with a little space for an additional set of batteries too.I would have preferred if it came with a neck strap but overall satisfied and there are no other better products in the market I feel.A worth buy for this awesome camera
5. This is definitely not your carry-all camera bag, its just big enough for the camera and maybe an extra memory card and thats about it; perfect for me :)
6. This is definitely not your carry-all camera bag, its just big enough for the camera and maybe an extra memory card and thats about it; perfect for me :)
7. Not a lot of room for anything but the camera or a few spare memory cards but it is perfect for protecting the camera and going off on a day-trip without excess weight.  
8. Not a lot of room for anything but the camera or a few spare memory cards but it is perfect for protecting the camera and going off on a day-trip without excess weight.  
9. All it holds is the camera, but as someone who needs something to protect the camera when its in a larger bag (book bag)this case works great!
10. I like to go hiking so I don't mind strapping it to a belt and keep it from bouncing against my side (as would have been the case with a strap) but as others have mentioned before me, it is very tight if you have a normal size camera. 
11. If you twist the case even a little with the camera inside, there's a chance it will simply pop open. 
12. Well, it's really suck to jump over a stream and her that unmistakable "splash" of a $400 camera hitting the water. 
13. Bottom line: this is a nice and stylish, but not very functional case for those who don't necessarily need a lot of extra gear (or just happen to have a small camera) ... 
14. Large-- holds a large amount of stuff (but still not enough).This camera case is Small.  
15. This is a small case; it only holds the camera, but it's just right if you want to protect the camera without taking up much space.  
16. This is a small case; it only holds the camera, but it's just right if you want to protect the camera without taking up much space.  
17. This is a very small case that has just enough room to fit the camera  inside. 
18. Its a nice looking case and good for carrying your Canon Camera in. 
19. There's enough room for the camera and a replacement set of 4-AA batteries - and that's it.  
20. The camera's own strap is used for suspending the bag from a shoulder or neck; it has a belt loop on the back if one wishes to transport it that way.  
21. It does a good job of protecting the camera from scratches and other damage, but actually tends to get in the way when you're actually trying to use the camera.  
22. Get a real camera bag; don't waste your money on this one!
23. Fits camera very well, seems quite durable. 
24. It does provide nice camera protection for tossing it in your camera bag, backpack or trunk of the car to prevent scratches to the camera.  
25. However, I rated it 3 stars instead of 4 because it takes extra time to get the camera inside.The bag is just barely big enough for the S2 IS. 
26. Due to these three closures and the tight fit, getting the camera inside isn't as speedy as putting it in a larger bag.The case is easy to keep track of due to a leash which snaps around the camera's carry strap. 
27. It is designed to use your camera's own carry strap. 
28. The camera is really good, but the case could be better!
29. I have had difficulties in handling the case, especially when putting thne camera in, since the lense hood often comes off while pushing the camera into the case.  
30. If you want something just for protecting your camera, this is the right bag.
31. While it is true that the case is rather small, it is nicely padded inside and fits perfectly around the camera, keeping the camera stable so it doesn't bounce around.  
32. While it is true that the case is rather small, it is nicely padded inside and fits perfectly around the camera, keeping the camera stable so it doesn't bounce around.  
33. I bought the camera and case for an upcoming trip.  
34. I have to refine this:- This bag is designed by Canon for its specific camera, the S2 IS. 
35. It's a tight fit with the camera stap on.
36. A little more space so that the user manual of the camera can be taken alongI bought Powershot S3 1S and I am perfectly happy with the camera. 
37. The only way to use the camera is to remove it completely while shooting.The camera needs to be places bottom first into the bag which makes the process very difficult.  
38. The only way to use the camera is to remove it completely while shooting.The camera needs to be places bottom first into the bag which makes the process very difficult.  
39. This deluxe case is simply a cover for the camera with a small pocket for an extra disc.  
40. Unfortunately, this camera case was marked as the recommended accessory for the Canon SX100IS camera, that I recently bought from Amazon.  
41. I was very disappointed when I received the camera case and found that is was significantly larger than the Canon camera.  
42. I was very disappointed when I received the camera case and found that is was significantly larger than the Canon camera.  
43. In addition, the is no carrying strap included, so you are more or less forced to attach the large case to your belt.The only plus is that the camera case is definitely high quality materials and construction.
44. This is a great camera case. 
45. The camera in pictures looks like the SX10 IS but now that I have the case I notice that that case appears to be held open as far as possible so that you can't tell that IT WON'T CLOSE WITH THE CAMERA INSIDE!!!!!  
46. It's a very nice, quality case.I would recommend this case to anyone that simply wants to protect their camera, without creating a bulky item to carry around.
47. The camera is already big so I recomend this case for when you need to carry it in a purse or small bag.  
48. This is a nice case, it fits the camera perfectly.Almost too perfectly for my taste, there is barely room to get extra memory cards or your transfer cord into the case with the camera. 
49. This case fits the camera like a glove, is attractive, and feels smooth and soft.  
50. The camera fits into the main compartment snugly, and it's got plenty of extra pockets for memory cards, batteries, or whatever.  
51. I'm sure there are other cases out there that would do the trick as well, but I've bought several other CaseLogic cases before for my camcorder and my old camera, so I stuck with CaseLogic.  
52. I'm sorry to say we were extremely disapointed in the camera case. we could barely get the camera in, but what good is the camera and case when you can't even put in the cords, and even a place for the extra memory cards? 
53. I'm sorry to say we were extremely disapointed in the camera case. we could barely get the camera in, but what good is the camera and case when you can't even put in the cords, and even a place for the extra memory cards? 
54. I'm sorry to say we were extremely disapointed in the camera case. we could barely get the camera in, but what good is the camera and case when you can't even put in the cords, and even a place for the extra memory cards? 
55. our old case was small and compact, but had pockets and compartments to keep all the 'gear' in one place, and the batteries, you ALWAYS need extra batteries and memory cards when you are in a different country.and the mini tripod stand, and when we opened this box, and saw this piddly little thing, I have seen thongs larger than this camera case! 
56. It is just big enough for the camera and a memory card, and that's about it.
57. I am 6 feet tall and, with the camera strap around my neck, there is no way that I could attach the belt loop to my pants. 
58. The case also has a small snap loop that you can use to dangle the case from the camera strap's right side, but then it would interfere with the operation of the camera itself.Beside the fact that there is no good way to store the camera case when you take the camera out, the case is too small anyway. 
59. The case also has a small snap loop that you can use to dangle the case from the camera strap's right side, but then it would interfere with the operation of the camera itself.Beside the fact that there is no good way to store the camera case when you take the camera out, the case is too small anyway. 
60. I like the fact that you're able to carry your camera in this compact case using the camera's own neck strap.  
61. I like the fact that you're able to carry your camera in this compact case using the camera's own neck strap.  
62. Assuming that it was the correct item, because it was "recommended"...I also purchased it without really thinking about it....it was a rip off...way too small for the camera. 
63. Again if your goal is to protect the camera this is a good solution. 
64. This is perfect if you're just looking for some extra padding for your camera. 
65. Provides good protection while not being bulky so that you can keep your camera in your larger messenger bag. 
66. The case is a perfect fit for the camera.  
67. Zip up the sides of the case and the camera strap fits up through the opening at both sides at the top and a velcro flap goes over the top.I also have a larger case to hold the camera and extras if I'm going to need it but I just want a case to slip the camera back into after using it.  
68. But don't forget, a case that you carry and is not on your belt loop will allow the camera to get lost easier.This case excel's at providing fitted padded leather protection for the camera.  
69. If the top velcro fastener is not fastened, the side zippers may creep open.The S5 IS camera that I previously reviewed is very good to excellent.
70. This is really a very good case for traveling, that is going to and from a vacation spot or place of interest.Using it as a case attached to the camera is totally, useless, very difficult to get the S3 in or out, zippers cannot close, hard to get the camera back into the case, a really clumsy affair.But as I had said, for getting on a plane or a ship or a car and keeping the camera protected it is useful.
71. This is really a very good case for traveling, that is going to and from a vacation spot or place of interest.Using it as a case attached to the camera is totally, useless, very difficult to get the S3 in or out, zippers cannot close, hard to get the camera back into the case, a really clumsy affair.But as I had said, for getting on a plane or a ship or a car and keeping the camera protected it is useful.
72. This is really a very good case for traveling, that is going to and from a vacation spot or place of interest.Using it as a case attached to the camera is totally, useless, very difficult to get the S3 in or out, zippers cannot close, hard to get the camera back into the case, a really clumsy affair.But as I had said, for getting on a plane or a ship or a car and keeping the camera protected it is useful.
73. It fits like a glove to form a protective cover on the camera. 
74. While the camera itself is a little bulky for carrying on your belt, it is certainly useful. 
75. Recently at Busch Gardens Tampa, the belt clip on this case meant the camera could be secured to my belt for riding the roller coasters alleviating the need to get a locker just for the camera.Anyway, a great protective case for your S3 IS. 
76. If you want a case to hold accessories along with the camera, then get something bigger than this.
77. It's just a bit larger than the camera, which makes it easy and small to carry.
78. Imagine my surprise when not only the camera fit, but 4 AA batteries, and the folded strap fit, as well (albeit the top flap is not quite completely overlapping all the velcro...).With the extra batteries, the camera and case is a little too heavy for my belt, but it's good to have a close-fitting case to protect the camera when we're on the move.I think the trick may be getting the camer all the way down into the case, and having the lense pointing out (toward the logo plate).Unless quality control is lacking, and some cases are tighter than others, I don't understand the "too tight" complaints regarding this case.
79. Imagine my surprise when not only the camera fit, but 4 AA batteries, and the folded strap fit, as well (albeit the top flap is not quite completely overlapping all the velcro...).With the extra batteries, the camera and case is a little too heavy for my belt, but it's good to have a close-fitting case to protect the camera when we're on the move.I think the trick may be getting the camer all the way down into the case, and having the lense pointing out (toward the logo plate).Unless quality control is lacking, and some cases are tighter than others, I don't understand the "too tight" complaints regarding this case.
80. So here's the overview of the pros and cons of this case for the Canon S2.Pros:1) Fits the Canon S2 perfect when used CORRECTLY.2) Looks great and provides good protection for your camera.3) Inside pocket for SD card is very cool.4) Great design that lets you utilize your existing neck strapon your camera.5) The price for this quality of case is very good.
81. This soft case fits the camera well and does the job of protecting it. 
82. -Coushining is about 1/4 in. thick.One thing that I've noticed is that once you remove the camera from the bag, out comes the long strap with the camera, and now you have a camera bag thats awkward to put somewhere convenient.
83. -Coushining is about 1/4 in. thick.One thing that I've noticed is that once you remove the camera from the bag, out comes the long strap with the camera, and now you have a camera bag thats awkward to put somewhere convenient.
84. It fits the camera perfectly and is so small and easy to carry.
85. This case is neat enough that it will fit into my handbag if I wish - I find that batteries and memory cards can usually be thrown into pockets or some other bag.So, in conclusion, this is probably the case for you if you are just looking for a neat case to protect your camera.  
86. This case full completely my requirements, it's looks good, compact, ligthly, and the camera fits in it.
87. For a relatively expensive camera with all the bells & whistles, Canon supplied a camera case that 1) pulls off the camera's lens cap every time you remove the camera from the case, and 2) does not have a strap of its own (unless you count the belt loop sewn in the back).  
88. The product is nice and made in good materials, but it is not made for S5 IS in mind, it is a little small, you can put the camera inside, but it won't look like the one in the photo, even the product case say it is for S2 IS and G6.
89. This case is great for carrying the camera around your neck.  
90. The case is very small and the camera, by itself, barely fits in it.  
91. However, the camera fits quite tight inside of this case, and it barely has room for a spare set of anything.  
92. This is the perfect camera case for my camera, not too big, just the right size.  
93. This is the perfect camera case for my camera, not too big, just the right size.  
94. It has room for an extra memory card and batteries too as well as great protection for my camera.
95. But if you use the camera for long durations, like I do, and need to carry backup cells, go for something bigger.
96. When using the camera frequently, these zips can be left undone, and the velcro tab alone used.Only the camera's strap is used - an important plus point since it avoids you mistaking the two straps and keeping a firm grip on the inexpensive case while your expensive camera crashes to the concrete.As others have pointed out, the case can be removed altogether while shooting, or else pushed to one side on its snap-fastened strap, a somewhat clumsly but usable system.However, in my view the optimum case for a camera of this type was invented 70 or more years ago.  
97. When using the camera frequently, these zips can be left undone, and the velcro tab alone used.Only the camera's strap is used - an important plus point since it avoids you mistaking the two straps and keeping a firm grip on the inexpensive case while your expensive camera crashes to the concrete.As others have pointed out, the case can be removed altogether while shooting, or else pushed to one side on its snap-fastened strap, a somewhat clumsly but usable system.However, in my view the optimum case for a camera of this type was invented 70 or more years ago.  
98. Like any standard camera case, it should consist of two parts: a base part attached to the frame by the tripod fitting, and a second part that fits up and over the camera body, with a snap fastener at the rear - the standard camera case for viewfinder and SLR cameras ever since the bellows were abandoned.  
99. Like any standard camera case, it should consist of two parts: a base part attached to the frame by the tripod fitting, and a second part that fits up and over the camera body, with a snap fastener at the rear - the standard camera case for viewfinder and SLR cameras ever since the bellows were abandoned.  
100. This case works great for our new camera. 
101. This is not a good design for a camera case as the case is too large and the camera and case would be too heavy to be supported by ones trouser's belt.
102. This is not a good design for a camera case as the case is too large and the camera and case would be too heavy to be supported by ones trouser's belt.
103. This case does exactly what it is advertised to do: it is a form-fitting case, not a camera bag.  
104. The case is not over-sized and there is no room for anything but the camera and maybe an extra memory card in a pocket in the back on the inside.  
105. But, if you want a compact case to protect your camera, this does the job very well.  
106. The case has thick padding and seems like it will do a good job protecting the camera from shock.  
107. Lift out the camera and you are good to go.  
108. Access to the camera is very quick and easy.I don't use a camera strap, but the case has a loop for wrapping around the strap, which should be run outside the case.  
109. We bought this case for Canon S5 camera, it is very compact and the camera fits in very very tightly.  
110. We bought this case for Canon S5 camera, it is very compact and the camera fits in very very tightly.  
111. Makes the camera look smaller than it is !!
112. I bought this case for Canon S5 IS and was a little skeptical if the camera would fit in properly. 
113. This is an excellent case for a camera, very well constructed, high quality materials.however, it is advertised for the S5, and it fits, VERY TIGHT. you will not have space for anything else than the camera, and it takes time to put the camera in to the case.  
114. It's method of utilizing the camera's strap takes a little getting used to but offers the versatility of being able to go with or without the case in a snap (literally).  
115. The case is a bit cramped and fits nothing more than the camera and one other small item like extra batteries or the USB cable.  
116. If you're looking for a little protection for the camera while it rides in your backpack or on the car seat, this should do the trick.
117. I purchased this camera case for my new PowerShot S5IS.  
118. After receiving the camera case I decided to send it back unopened as it appears this camera case is better suited for smaller cameras than the PowerShot S5IS.
119. Although this case is a great fit for the camera and seems to fit the camera nicely, it does not provide a safe location for you camera.  
120. Although this case is a great fit for the camera and seems to fit the camera nicely, it does not provide a safe location for you camera.  
121. I like the soft sided case but it seems too small for the camera.  
122. It will only hold the camera and maybe an additional SD card. 
123. Like one of the other reviewers said, if the camera doesn't fit inside the bag with the batteries it is most likely because you are putting the camera in the bag backwards.  
124. The lense should be facing out and the back of the camera, the flat side should be against the batteries.  
125. There isn't much extra space but that's ok because I don't want my new S3-IS bouncing around inside the bag like my old camera and bag.  
126. Very helpfull not having to deal with two straps and knowing that even if something were to fail I would most likely still be hanging on to my camera.Over all I think it is a great camera bag but if you are going to use it as a purse and put all your junk in it don't buy it.
127. As the recent reviews point out, it doesn't have its own strap because the camera's strap slips through the openings on either side of the top flap which velcros to the front of the bag.  
128. Taking this approach is a benefit in my book as it eliminates any chance of the camera falling out when wearing it by the strap.The camera fits snugly in the nicely padded case with just the right "tightness" and the zippers on the sides make it easy to get the camera in and out.Wouldn't change a thing.
129. The camera is a very snug fit in the camera case -- that is a good thing -- no chaffing.
130. The camera is a very snug fit in the camera case -- that is a good thing -- no chaffing.
131. This bag is just a touch too small for the camera to comfortably fit it. 
132. You really have to cram your camera which I find highly inconveniant. 
133. Too small for the Canon camera (S3 IS) I have.  
134. The camera case is very good for protecting the camera, but is too small for any additional equipment, like batteries, and instruction book.  
135. The camera case is very good for protecting the camera, but is too small for any additional equipment, like batteries, and instruction book.  
136. The S5Is case is very snug but the camera does fit in ths case.
137. The camera easily fits inside and there is a small pocket in back that holds an extra set of batteries.  
138. I'm careful with my camera, so I don't need a lot of padding.  
139. This is easily my favorite camera bag when I don't want to carry lots of accessories (lens adapters, etc.) with me.
140. If you want something to help you carry a few extras (as most people do) then get something else.On a final note, the case does seem to protect the camera well and is fine for that if that is all that you want.
141. This was a great find for me and I recommend it to any owner of a Canon S3-IS who is looking for a case just large enough for the camera, an extra set of bats, memory card and that can be put on your belt for easy carying.
142. We bought this case to store our Canon Powershot SX20IS 12.1MP Digital Camera, which by the way is a fantastic camera. 
143. This camera case is a PERFECT fit for my new Canon Powershot S5 IS camera. 
144. This camera case is a PERFECT fit for my new Canon Powershot S5 IS camera. 
145. For traveling and having your camera handy, and protected, this is it.  
146. This case is meant as a protective case for the camera only. 
147. No room for accessories, but it sure beats carrying around a purse-sized bag, or risking your camera getting damaged by not having a case at all.  
148. I am so happy with the Camera that the bag does not matter. 
149. From the side, it seems to have a triangular design, though how that fits a roughly rectangular camera body is beyond me.  
150. In fact, I think I will recommend it to a friend with the same camera.
151. This is a wonderful case for an even better camera.  
152. You'll end up with a small bundle that can stuff between the lens and right grip.Bottom line, if you just want to carry the camera and a spare set of batteries, get this.  
153. If you want to bring along a bunch of accessories, see my eBay auction for my old camera - a good 35 pounds of stuff to haul.  
154. I ordered this case for my new PowerShot S3 IS camera. 
155. If you want to carry more stuff than just the camera and spare batteries, then yes, you will need a bigger case.  
156. I recommend the Canon PSC-1, which costs just $10 or so and will carry the camera with extra lenses and all kinds of other stuff.
157. I do a lot of light hiking and carry my camera on my belt.  
158. It is a tight fit around the camera, but after using it a few times, you work out a method that simplifies the process. 
159. It is small and compact and holds the camera perfectly.  
160. I have a bigger case to keep camera stuff in. 
161. I'm satisfied by its look and safety wise but my canon s2 is camera is just fitting it. 
162. Snug fit for S3 IS camera.
163. :) The camera fits great into the case, and the openings are perfect for the strap to be left out so that the camera can be carried without risk of dropping it. 
164. The case looks attractive and holds the camera in a compact manner with out much extra space. 
165. It has just enough space for the camera and an extra card if you need it.  
166. I ended up just sticking the camera in the diaper bag to cut down on space and bulk and my first camera got ruined because of it.  
167. Although I thought it might be a little bigger it fit the camera perfect and was received very quickly.
168. This camera bag is perfect for keeping your camera protected- it is well padded.  
169. This camera bag is perfect for keeping your camera protected- it is well padded.  
170. The actual case is just large enough for the camera and nothing else. 
171. It is a well made case but I needed something that I could use for the camera, spare batteries, spare SD cards, etc....This is unfortunately one of the problems with buying online as opposed to buying at a brick & mortar where you can actually see and touch the product and weigh its ability to  serve your needs.
172. This case is useful only for carrying the camera - and it is not enclosed to keep out the weather, dust, rain, ice cream drips, etc. 
173. considering this is a medium size camera, the bag will only allow you to fit the cam and nothing else, but have a great look and the material is great
174. The camera fits perfect unlike the generic brands in the store.
175. This is a very nice camera case, but it would be even better if it had just a little more room to hold an extra set of batteries.  
176. This case is a tight fit for an S3 camera, but that's what you really want, so the camera doesn't bang around inside.  
177. Both of these concerns are easily addressed by letting the camera's own strap hang out either side of the case.For this listed price, what one should expect in a case is simply protection for the camera-- that's exactly what this unit provides.
178. If you are hoping to carry any camera accessories beyond extra batteries and an extra SD card, you should look for another case.
179. I already have a larger camera bag to hold all my accessories and batteries, but wanted something to protect my recently purchased S3.  
180. Its too small for the camera if you get a lens adaptor which frankly is the smart thing to do for ease of handling and lens protection.. 
181. Disappointing and Gave It away to a Friend who had the Same Camera.
182. This is simply a great case for my S2 camera.  
183. It hold is perfectly and fits like a glove but with enough space for a set of 4 AA spare betteries for whenever the camera runs out of power.  
184. I bought this for my Canon S5 IS and its too small for the camera. 
185. I keep the charger in my luggage, the extra batteries in my pocket, and a 2GB card in the camera so I'll never run out of memory.  
186. it protects your camera like no other case.  
187. But for 90% of photo takers, this camera would be perfect.
188. Very good quality, but need to be a little bit bigger to be perfect.I do not have room for keeping a lens cleaner kit which is essential for this camera or even spare batteries.Good product to protect the camera, but you will need another bag for long trips.
189. Very good quality, but need to be a little bit bigger to be perfect.I do not have room for keeping a lens cleaner kit which is essential for this camera or even spare batteries.Good product to protect the camera, but you will need another bag for long trips.
190. Canon PowerShot Pro Series S5 IS 8.0MP Digital Camera with 12x Optical Image Stabilized ZoomReally great leather case for camera. 
191. It is a snug fit, which is wonderful for protecting the camera itself.  
192. I then plan on putting the camera in this case inside my backpack, therefore not needing to carry two separate bags with me.Do not purchase this is you want a traditional camera bag with storage room for extras - this isn't that bag.
193. I bought this to go with the new Canon camera I purchased but it's not user friendly, at least not for me.  
194. All the bags available for such a camera (a little bigger than regular ones) were either too large or too compact and eventually I had to settle for a larger case, which was spacious but also cumbersome to handle sometimes. 
195. Basically it's just a soft wrap for the camera (I bought an S3 IS), which is actually somewhat annoying when removed to take pictures.
196. If you're just carrying the camera around for regular use and don't need extra supplies, this is a great bag.
197. Bought one for my daughter, then bought one for us after we bought the same camera.
198. It offers adequate protection for the camera for most remote situations. 
199. Since I usually carry a bigger purse or bag during my travels, I just needed a compact case to put the camera in. 
200. It is not intented to be a camera bag that holds all the extra gadgets.  
201. However, we had an old camera that did fit in the case. 
202. For that camera, it was very nice.
203. I ordered this to go with the new Canon S5 IS camera I bought, because I thought a new bag would be great. 
204. Protecting the camera and lens is what a camera CASE is supposed to do, and this Canon PSC-75 does it perfectly.When you read the reviews where people complain that there is no storage for batteries, and other items, please remember that they apparently bought a camera case when thay wanted a camera bag, and then they chose to blame Canon for their stupidity.This is a great camera case.  
205. There are openings for the camera's own strap to protrude. 
206. The case looked fine on the photos but it is just too small for the camera.
207. This bag is big and however too tight for this camera.And very unpractical to fit the camera into it.i wasted my monesI would not reccoment it.
208. This bag is big and however too tight for this camera.And very unpractical to fit the camera into it.i wasted my monesI would not reccoment it.
209. I'm glad I bought the camera case.  
210. The case is a little too small for the camera and extra batteries and memory cards
211. The included camera strap is too big to fit inside the bag, and it hangs down.  
212. I attached an extra shoulder strap to the bag to get the balky bag off my belt, and it is not well balanced and one time hung upside down, dropping the camera on a carpeted floor.
213. This is just big enough to cover your camera for protection.  
214. Also I do not like wearing it with my belt so every time I take the camera out, it hangs from the camera strap with a small tight loop that is fastened by a button. 
215. His size is perfect for the camera.
216. I just wanted a Canon case, I spent all that money for non SLR camera with a decent 6X zoom and 10 mpxl... 
217. This case is a bit loose even with a camera that fits in it (I tried it on an SLR camera that's about the right size). 
218. This case is a bit loose even with a camera that fits in it (I tried it on an SLR camera that's about the right size). 
219. The top closes via velcro, so it helps, but one zipper that goes around the entire camera would've been 100 times better than 2 zippers for the sides and a velcro latch for the top.It's sturdy and nicely protects everything inside. 
220. Like I said, I wanted a nice "Cannon" brand case that didn't cost as much as the camera, and this is currently the best solution to those conditons.
221. Canon PSC-75 Deluxe Soft Case for S1 IS, S2 IS, and G6 CamerasVery good soft case, just what I needed in short trips with my Canon S1 IS digital camera.
222. The bag does offer great protection for your camera and even has a little pocket inside for extra memory cards (SD). 
223. It also fits the camera nice and snug.
224. This bag is too small for that camera to fit.  
225. PositivesI find this Canon PSC-75 Case to be perfect size for carrying Canon PowerShot S3 IS camera for my multi-day hikes. 
226. I needed a case that was compact and light to lug around but also to have the camera accessible without having to take off my backpack. 
227. It has enough room for the camera and has a back pocket inside where I can fit in an extra set of 4-AA batteries as well as a backup 4GB SDHC card in a plastic protective cover. 
228. I, however, was looking for a small form fitting camera case for my Powershot S3IS. 
229. I can even put the camera, in the soft case, into my larger equipment bag and have the whole bundle handy. 
230. Camera is safe when it is stored inside.
231. Unfortunately, only had a belt-loop (the kind that you would have to wear with the belt).The case is just right for the camera. 
232. Since my Canon S3 IS camera is bulkier than many other digital cameras, I really needed a tight-fitting case that would protect the camera from damage, not a bag with lots of storage. 
233. It will give me a comfortable hands free way of carrying my camera.  
234. If you want to carry anything other than the camera a spare memory card, then look for another bag.
235. It takes way too long to stuff the camera in this case to make it user friendly. 
236. I bought this case because Canon recommends it for the S2 IS.It's too small for the camera.  
237. I like that this case is "form fitting" to the camera.  
238. There is enough room for my camera and an extra memory card or two.  
239. This case is soft and nicely made, but anyone who wants to carry other items than the camera in the case would find it small. 
240. The bag is great,a perfect fit to the camera. 
241. Case was just large enough for the camera , but nothing else. 
242. this case is too small for S3 IS camera, and I did not find it convinient either.
243. I was excited to receive the case to go with my wonderful new Canon S5 IS camera.  
244. That way when you are carrying the camera bag around your neck you can easily slide the case right off and use the camera.It also has a small button loop to attach to the camera strap so that when you take the camera out, the case will fall down but still be connected to the camera while its around your neck.If you want to keep the case around your belt loop you can either:1) Tuck the strap under the velcro strap of the case (it sticks out a bit on the sides but it still works, barely)or2) Put small clips on the neck strap so that you can easily remove it when you want to put the case around your waste.If you do step 2 you should attach a small wrist strap to the camera.  
245. That way when you are carrying the camera bag around your neck you can easily slide the case right off and use the camera.It also has a small button loop to attach to the camera strap so that when you take the camera out, the case will fall down but still be connected to the camera while its around your neck.If you want to keep the case around your belt loop you can either:1) Tuck the strap under the velcro strap of the case (it sticks out a bit on the sides but it still works, barely)or2) Put small clips on the neck strap so that you can easily remove it when you want to put the case around your waste.If you do step 2 you should attach a small wrist strap to the camera.  
246. Besides it is probably better to keep an extra card away from your camera as a backup in case your camera gets lost or stolen, like mine (I lost an extra 512 card that was full of pictures).  
247. This makes other side loading cases a hazard because it is easier to drop the camera as you are taking it out.Anyway, I guess I've written enough.  
248. If you want a case thats just big enough for your camera and one set of extra batteries, buy this case. 
249. In addition, $15 is pretty cheap for this such a nice Canon case.05/02: Cons: no strap - very inconvenient when taking out the camera, I have to hang the case on the camera's strap.  
250. - Very compactFor a Canon S5, it's incredible how this bag does it's function to pack the camera without requiring additional space or weight as traditional bags will do. 
251. Although amazon recommends this case for my s5 IS, this case is a little tight for this camera. 
252. When I tried this combination of the new camera and the soft case, they fitted perfectly like a glove. 
253. In fact, there was no stretching of the soft case and there was no need to shove the camera into it with great effort. 
254. In placing the camera into the case, hold firmly the camera with middle fingers over the lens cap and tilt the camera forward so that the bottom of the lens cap touches the bottom leather part of the case. 
255. Then continue to slide the camera backwards into the rear of the case.Furthermore, this was done with the cap lens cord attached to the Neck Strap adjacent to the closest strap mount on the camera. 
256. I don't try to squeeze in batteries or anything else - and I can carry my camera with its own strap. 
257. This case can stay with your camera all the time (it hangs on the camera's own strap), and protect it from bumps and bonks, but that's about it.  
258. This case may still be helpful, however, as it is only slightly bigger than the camera itself, and will probably fit inside a larger bag and protect the camera when it is hanging from your neck.
259. This case may still be helpful, however, as it is only slightly bigger than the camera itself, and will probably fit inside a larger bag and protect the camera when it is hanging from your neck.
260. This case was ordered along with a very expensive camera ( to my way of thinking and budget!) 
261. Great size that comfortablly fits camera. 
262. Easy to put in and take camera out. soft and has nice strong zippers. 

negative sentences : 
1. If you need to stow the included camera strap and accessories, then a camera bag would be the solution. 
2. If you want room for anything but the camera, buy a different case.
3. It would fit around a belt loop or the neckstrap of the camera, but not around anything larger.This case is made to hold the camera.  
4. The camera itself barely fits inside --I suppose it would fit without the camera strap attached-- and there is definately no room for accessories.  
5. Instead, there is a belt loop which is pretty much useless as this camera is a little too bulky for you to put around your belt loop. 
6. This case saved my camera...it was not damp at all on the inside. 
7. I got this case because I wanted to protect my new camera, but I never used it after the first day (I bought it several years ago).  
8. The bag is very small, no room for any extra stuff...just the camera strap. 
9. I was very disappointed with this product as my Canon S2IS camera doesn't even fit in properly inside this case, even without trying to fit in other accessories like batteries etc.The case is so small that I couldn't even close its lid after I put my camera inside.I tried to put in the camera in different orientations, but none helped.
10. However, it is not good for a Canon S5 IS because of slightly increase in size.Also with bag hanging by the side loop that goes over the camera strap it becomes very difficult to hold the camera as the bag comes in the way. 
11. However, it is not good for a Canon S5 IS because of slightly increase in size.Also with bag hanging by the side loop that goes over the camera strap it becomes very difficult to hold the camera as the bag comes in the way. 
12. All I needed was for it to hold the camera, not every accessory ever made for the camera.
13. All I needed was for it to hold the camera, not every accessory ever made for the camera.
14. It is so tight around the camera that nothing else will fit.  
15. I'm used to a mini dv case that I used for my previous camera of about the same size.  
16. For the moment, I've switched to a CaseLogic camera case that I bought at Wal-Mart for under $7. 
17. Batteries will be crushed against the back of the camera.As mentioned in other reviews, the camera lens cover will not stay on well, but that's because of the crappy quality of the lens cover; it will pop off if it rubs against any case, not just this one. [...].If you want a sturdy, lightly padded, close-fitting case to offer protection when you're toting only the camera, this case is great! 
18. Batteries will be crushed against the back of the camera.As mentioned in other reviews, the camera lens cover will not stay on well, but that's because of the crappy quality of the lens cover; it will pop off if it rubs against any case, not just this one. [...].If you want a sturdy, lightly padded, close-fitting case to offer protection when you're toting only the camera, this case is great! 
19. Batteries will be crushed against the back of the camera.As mentioned in other reviews, the camera lens cover will not stay on well, but that's because of the crappy quality of the lens cover; it will pop off if it rubs against any case, not just this one. [...].If you want a sturdy, lightly padded, close-fitting case to offer protection when you're toting only the camera, this case is great! 
20. It has too many openings to protect the camera from weather. 
21. This bag just fits the camera (probably one more memory card). 
22. Since the camera is not small, a larger bag would make it hard to carry around. 
23. This bad just fits the camera. 
24. And because it has no strap of its own, when I take the camera out of it, it is loose and I have to hang on to it.  
25. When I bought Canon PowerShot S3IS, I knew that camera is excellent, but I had no idea finding a suitable case for it will be so difficult. 
26. Save Your Money and Go Into a Discount retailer with Your camera trying Out the Many Cases available. 
27. I thought it was a good thing as i was trying to save space anyway but i did not realize that i would not be able to fit in the camera into the case. 
28. It is a bit small for the S5--it is difficult getting the camera in the case without the lens cap popping off.  
29. Doesn't allow camera carrying strap to fit into the case, and makes it awkward to insert the camera without knocking the flimsy lens protector off.  
30. Not worth the money camera doesn't fit. 
31. plus, the way the case is made it zips up from the sides and does not really close around the camera except for a velco attachment at the top.  
32. The negative reviews of this camera case ignore the fundamental fact that is it a camera case and not a camera gadget bag. 
33. I could carry with my previous camera bag with the camera.  
34. I could carry with my previous camera bag with the camera.  
35. I felt this should be a universal accessory for a camera case.  
36. This case is meant to simply protect the camera and not be bulky.  
37. Not ideal, if you want the camera for a quick snap.I returned it back to Amazon within a week. 
38. There is a pocket for memory cards, but I'd be afraid the camera body might crush them. 
39. I use that along with the camera's neck strap for added support.The other minor issue is that I wish the zips on the sides had a way to keep it all the way closed in order to keep small amounts of natural elements out. 
40. It worked perfectly with my camera.No additional neck strap - Just use the cameras! 
41. This is not a good accesory for your IS camera. 
42. I have always purchased cases for my cameras to protect them and my S2 is no exception.An excellent camera case and well worth getting to protect your investment.
43. If you need other room for something,don't buy this one.But...it really works for me.I don't need additional space for other stuff,only put camera in this pretty bag and take picture for my kids during school days.You don't have to put the shouder strap inside the bag instead you can use it as the bag's strap and it is easy use for me.I really like this bag!
44. The camera is much to big for the case.
45. Pop open the Velcro and push the front clamshell-half away and the camera is exposed.  
46. Canon PSC-75 Deluxe Soft Case for S1 IS, S2 IS, and G6 CamerasI bought it with the camera and have been using it for more than six months, I like it very much, it is not heavy, it protects the camera very well. it protected my camera in my luggage when i was flying overseas. that is good enough for me to be happy with it :)
47. As far as the batteries goes, rechargeable batteries are soo good, I can take 100's of pictures in just one charge, so there is no need to carry extra batteries in this camera bag. 
48. The case protected the device and caused me not to lose face with my significant other about dropping a new camera!  
49. I wanted something to protect the camera yet be as compact as possible.  
50. The camera with its attached neck strap barely fit in the case.  
51. Most often the camera lens lid will keep coming out while putting in and out.Definitely not recommended with a big camera like Powershot S5 IS.
52. Most often the camera lens lid will keep coming out while putting in and out.Definitely not recommended with a big camera like Powershot S5 IS.
53. Although the camera takes A4 batteries, but do not expect to be able to fit in the batteries or any extra memory card or charger or anything other than the camera itself in the case.Also, putting the camera in the case is very painful. 
54. We end up taking the camera with us more times because of this.
55. It is mainly a camera carrying case only.Other than that, the bag is perfect fit for the camera.
56. It is mainly a camera carrying case only.Other than that, the bag is perfect fit for the camera.
57. Not really large enough to hold the camera and the cable. 
58. It is hard to get the camera inside without knocking off the lens cap.  
59. There are no extra compartments for storage....camera only space.
60. I would not be comfortable with my camera lying around not in this case.
61. If you want more space for your camera equipment, get a camera bag.  
62. I guess I was looking for more of a "camera bag" and got this case.  
63. People that complain about the camera's shoulder strap not fitting inside the bag are missing the point.  
64. There is also no great way to carry the camera bag, and the camera's strap itself does not fit inside this bag.Would keep shopping for something else!
65. I had looked at many camera case options for weeks before purchasing this one, and was amused reading the reviews.  
66. I just wanted a case, as in a protective case and not a separate bag to carry it, so that I can just put the camera in my laptop bag or a backpack.On the box it said its for S1, S2 but the Canon accessory pack that comes for S5 has the same case in it. 
67. Small will only hold the camera , with extra batteries and memory chip no lenses ,hoods or filters . 
