
------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : time, positive Score : 36 and negative Score :-8
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. It takes a long time to focus and that's difficult to work with when you are trying to record.I wish I would have choose a better camera.
2. Now I have to send my camera back to the repair center, again, so they can fix it for real this time.  
3. After almost 4 years owning the P100, I decided it was time to get a new camera, mostly because my husband and I had been sharing it and sometimes we both need it. 
4. Besides that I love this camera...it is tiny so it fits anywhere...it is durable (trust me i have dropped it several times)...and the battery stays charged for long periods of time.
5. It lasted the entire time. 
6. I bought this at a great price well under [$...]. happy knowing My other Sony, a very expensive ( at the time ) but older P-200 7.2mp model took very beautiful clear shots. 
7. In case you are wondering,unlike most cameras that limit the length of your videos to a pre-determined max time, you can record video for any length of time as long as you have available memory on the card. 
8. However, this time she had to pay part of the cost in the vain hope that she'd be more responsible the second time around.  
9. There are nine scene selections in total all the selections include a view finder meant for large landscapes, night time, night time with a person, snow, a tropical setting, action, and fireworks. 
10. There are nine scene selections in total all the selections include a view finder meant for large landscapes, night time, night time with a person, snow, a tropical setting, action, and fireworks. 
11. It worked as expected.Things I loved:- Video mode for capturing sound and the "feel" of a place- ISO 1000 non-flash mode- EXIF data included in JPG files- Fantastic battery life - I took 300+ photos daily and the battery barely dropped below 90% capacity (recharge nightly for heavy use days)- Form factor- Automatic focus works almost every time- easy zoom switchChanges I'd make:- Stiffer "mode wheel" - it was changed easily when putting the camera in my pocket- higher ISO modes - 1000 wasn't high enough to capture the night Chinese New Years parade in Kowloon China. 
12. Time lag is good, especially since I have a  3 month old baby. 
13. I didn't yet want to spend the bigger bucks to go to a high quality SLR until I found out if I would like the digital types or not.One handy thing for me anyway, is that most of the time whenevr I leave home to go anyplace, I just put it in my pocket, never been able to do anything like that before.UPDATE: Have now had this camera 3 years and only one problem. 
14. The start up time is only a second or two making it easy to capture something in a hurry. 
15. The battery takes long time to get over...
16. I have a large Nikon D50 that I use most of the time, but I wanted a little camera, something that would fit in my pocket for occasions when lugging the D50 isn't convenient.  
17. After about 10 months some of the features stopped working, the settings would jump around on their own and there was a long lag time between shots. 
18. I recommend a tripod if you take long videos only because if you hold it in your hand for a long period of time light movements can make the picture out of focus while recording. 
19. I wasn't.I don't think it's worth my time to send it in for repair. 
20. - Simple interface- Starts up quickly- Good quality video recording- 7.2 mp is perfect - enough to enlarge photos to 8x10 or maybe even 11x14, without creating such large file sizes (like a 12-14mp camera)- Battery lasts a good amount of time- Has a small viewfinder in addition to the rear (2.5" ?) 
21. I kept this camera in a case the whole time I had it. 
22. You will have a hard time to find a small camera that records such good movies, too.So the pros would be good picture quality, easy to handle, great macro shots, self-explaining menu...Cons: noisy picture when taken on the ISO (1000) option... better do a manual adjustment rather than using this ISO. 
23. The camera has a very small lag time from button push to snap of photo. 
24. I still highly recommend this camera for the gal on the go, this camera is worth every cent in my opinion for ease, convenience, and crystal clear pictures nearly every time! 
25. This camera is great for the first time digital user.  
26. I've had it for five months now so i thought now would be a great time to review it.First of all, i am extremely pleased and amazed by this camera. 
27. All digital cameras (except the very expensive SRL ones) have a noticeable shutter lag (the time it takes from pressing the button to actually taking a picture). 

negative sentences : 
1. If I had any regret it would be the slight lag time in the shutter when taking motion photos.
2. I told her that it would work for a short period of time only with a fully charged battery and she said the technician would wait a while and try it again.It came back 2 days later and it still doesn't work.Sony's customer support, in Tel-Aviv or wherever, told me to send in my charger to the same repair center since they claimed my camera worked correctly.  
3. Particularly good for beginner photographers, kids and those folks who are a little intimidated by too much technology at one time.  
4. Yet, it has enough settings to keep the curious interested for a good long time.  
5. It got worse with time. 
6. Your site was supposed to save me time and has only been more of a headache than it was worth.
7. Most of the time, however, the pictures are dark & fuzzy. 
8. By default, I use 3, but for fine art, I'd like to change to 7 without diving into the full menu system.- Memory should be SD, not Sony memory stick- Plug for transfers should be USB, not proprietary- Battery charger should be over USB, not external or proprietaryMy next camera will:a) avoid the Sony memory stick-based cameras and go with a SD, Mini/MicroSD based solution for compatibility with my other portable devices (Nokia N800 Portable Internet Tablet) and built-in laptop ports.b) support higher ISO modes for better night time pictures without flashc) USB for charging and file transfersOk, I've traveled to Costa Rica and Argentina with this camera and have edited my prior review slightly.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : price, positive Score : 73 and negative Score :-5
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Great value for the price!
2. The Sony Cybershot is my 6th digital camera and for the price it offers quite a lot of quality features in a small package.Pros:  *Palm size and lightweight, making it very portable.
3. i think its definetly a steal at the price. the only down side i would say is that it doesn't take good night scene shots as the aperature is open to long and so its almost impossible to get a not fuzzy picture
4. Anyhow, for the price, this is really a great camera. 
5. I bought this at a great price well under [$...]. happy knowing My other Sony, a very expensive ( at the time ) but older P-200 7.2mp model took very beautiful clear shots. 
6. I've only had the camera about a month but I think it's excellent quality for the price. 
7. Excellent for the price, and the pictures even without the image stabilization, are perfect. 
8. Very good product, good resolution, something expensive but acceptable price for quality  Memory was expensive compared to other market
9. I take alot of pictures of my kids & this camera takes great action pictures of the kids.Great camera at a great price !!
10. I am very pleased with the ease of use and reasonable price.  
11. For the price over all is a good buy.
12. I love using the black and white and sepia settings.Great deal for the price!!
13. I bought it on sale on amazon for an amazing price, and it is a very nice camera. 
14. Excellent price and takes awesomne pictures. 
15. This camera is wonderful in most ways, compact, price, color, quality photos, and comes with it's own battery pack with wall charger. 
16. Great buy for a good price. 
17. For the price, this is a great little camera.  
18. Yes the price was fair and it was a Sony so I said why not. 
19. Great, clear pictures,fair price, a definate "MUST HAVE". 
20. It had consistent, decent reviews, and the price wasn't so bad. 
21. Curiosity had me finding this page as I was curious to the price tag this camera had on it (finding that it hasn't changed much at all)...Anyway, I've had this particular model of camera for almost five (yes, 5) years.. 
22. Got it for a great price and it has been a really great purchase. 
23. The optics are amazing and the price is really worth it.Though it doesn't work to perfection when it comes to shooting movement, still it has settings for pretty much every situation. 
24. very good price for it's quality. 
25. Great price.Nice availables colors.. i took the blue one.. it should b called baby blue; )Nothing much to say but its highly recommended.. : )
26. This is a decent camera at a affordable price. 
27. It reminded me of my previous Nikon, which was dropped once and never worked again :-(* LCD is big and goodI heard that the later models have picture stability control, with this feature this camera would definitely be a good buy for the price.
28. This is my 2nd camera, the first one I gave away to my sister.Works great and good price also.
29. I thought it would be a good camera for the price, but boy have I been wrong. 
30. Easy to use, great photos, large screen. i bought my brother(silver one) the same one and also got one for my daughter(pink color).great price for a little camera, light and compact also. 
31. Just let me point out that I don't know about the specifics on digital cameras, but I do know that this can take pics pretty quick, has a pretty high megapixel count (7.2) and is a great value for the price! 
32. If you're looking for a reliable camera with a reasonable price, you gotta have this camera. 
33. Very pleased and would recommend, great price vs. performance!
34. I believe the price was good due to the blue color - not my favorite, but not bad.  
35. Luckily, I was able to find the Sony DSC-W55 on Amazon for a great price.  
36. I purchased this camera a couple of days ago on my deployment to the middle east and I have to say for the price it is an amazing camera.Wonderful clear crisp images.It does feel very light.some reviews I've read said they didn't like that.But who really wants to carry around a heavy camera in there pocket.BUY A CASE WITH IT!!! 
37. This camera is amazing... for the price you pay the quality is fantastic and I would buy one again and again!
38. I've a Cannon SD800: sony beats canon in 3 points: user interface (much more intuitive); overall desing; price. 
39. I bought it for a friend. has sleek design, small size and handy features. it is definitely worth the price. recommended camera. if you are looking for a budget price camera and want to use AA batteries and don't mind using a little thicker camera, go for Canon A570 IS with anti-shake.
40. Great little camera for the price. 
41. Amazon had the best price and it was delivered earlier than expected.
42. I bought this camera last december for an incredible price, it's a wonderful camera, worthy the money I paid for it BUT...you need to be warned, today my camera just stopped working for no apparent reason, when I turn on the camera the lens come out and go back at least 3 times, an "access" legend appears on the screen and finally the camera starts beeping and says turn off and turn on again, you can go and see the stored pictures but you can't take pictures anymore.The reason I am warning you is because while searching ways to fix it I learned that this is a very common problem with this camera, SONY needs to take care of this issue.
43. Good price and received just on time.
44. If you're looking for a good camera, with a fair price this is the one you need, excellent picture quality, and also a very good interface with the PC, don't need extra software for Windows XP just plug it to the PC and windows see the camera like a Flash memory.I really recommend this camera.
45. Very good camara for the price. 
46. Other than that, it's a nice choice at a good price. :)
47. Do not like this camera because of that one issue and its the same for ps vita everything has to be Sony and 3 times normal price.
48. For the price it's a great buy. 7.2mp for under $140. is really a good deal. 
49. Sharp photos, high resolution and low price, make this one a winner!  
50. I have this camera from a couple of years ago, was much cheaper than the current price ($200 less). 
51. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
52. It is easy to use and the price is great!
53. It's everything it claims to be and, from my perspective, it's a great camera for the price.  

negative sentences : 
1. There's better models available (Canon, Fujitsu) for at or less than the same price.  
2. This camera is definitely a base model compared to other, more advanced Sony cameras, but the price is right and the quality is excellent. 
3. Part of the reason I bought this camera was due to reviews on this site while I researched different cameras in my price range. 
4. The base price is less than $200, the 1 GB Memory Stick Duo (stores about 370 hi-def shots) is about $33.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : cameras, positive Score : 52 and negative Score :-20
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I bought my 2 daughters each one of these for Christmas and they are nice little cameras, very clear pics, easy to use, easy to carry, both girls love them! 
2. You may also mix video with photos on the same card as well.As far as picture quality goes, I feel it takes pictures Equal to or greater than cameras of a much higher pixel rating...in fact it almost takes as good of a photo as my $1200.00 canon DSLR set up.If you are looking for a small camera that takes great photos, has a great video feature, a good battery life, and is very durable. 
3. In case you are wondering,unlike most cameras that limit the length of your videos to a pre-determined max time, you can record video for any length of time as long as you have available memory on the card. 
4. The menus and functions are easy to use and the LCD screen is huge compared to other cameras.  
5. I ALWAYS have red eyes in everyone's cameras, this one. 
6. Size wise it's a bit larger than some of the newer cameras, but I could always fit it somewhere and liked that it didn't slip out of my grasp as I was taking a photo. 
7. I've used disposable cameras my whole life, even in high school and college, when everyone else had a digital camera i always stuck with disposable cameras.  
8. I've used disposable cameras my whole life, even in high school and college, when everyone else had a digital camera i always stuck with disposable cameras.  
9. Otherwise the camera seems fine for day to day purposes.I  find digital cameras, particularly those with telescoping lenses, break easily.  
10. With the W55 in ISO mode you at least have a chance of a decent photo under these conditions.Camera recovery time and turn on time have been tremendously improved over past generation cameras.  
11. This is a big, big, win over many other cameras.  
12. I have been to the store to test out a few Sony Digital Cameras. 
13. There are cheaper cameras but if you want to get a camera, get a good one, that doesn't mean it has to be expensive, but in my opinion you get what you pay for. 
14. SONY also makes excellent cameras in my opinion.  
15. The W55 will take better photos than those credit-card type cameras that have a tiny lens system - optics will always make a difference in a camera.  
16. A little personalization is a good thing.The internal memory has been expanded (to 56MB), but I've never used the internal memory on the cameras that have had it, so I'm not sure that matters much.  
17. I truly believe this camera is one of the best digital cameras out today.
18. I have owned several Sony cameras, and this is the first one to disappoint me. 
19. I highly recommended these cameras for the pedestrian shutter bug.
20. Anywho, these cameras have gotten high marks by all concerned for their ease of use, diminutive size, and excellent pictures.  
21. sony has now come out with digitals that have an anti shake feature that would probably be very nice since it is easy to move the camera when taking a picture now that the cameras are so small.
22. Granted in the past 4-5 years cameras on all sides have gotten easier and better but this little Sony that fits in your shirtpocket is ten times the camera as the Olympus. 
23. A google search suggests this is a common problem for Sony cameras.  
24. This is my first digital camera, and I have to say that is great, easy to use, compatible with my PSP and w810 phone memory, took a lot of pics on 5 MP quality and they look really good, and it's cheap compared with other digital cameras and its Sony.  
25. I did a side by side comparison with several cameras including my old fuji and the sony had the least sharp picture of all.  
26. In fact, as the go-to-guy for my friends when buying tech gear, I've told them to stay away from Sony cameras from introductory to professional.I'm sticking with my Nikon from now on. 
27. Just let me point out that I don't know about the specifics on digital cameras, but I do know that this can take pics pretty quick, has a pretty high megapixel count (7.2) and is a great value for the price! 
28. Beautiful Color and Nice Camera Case.Never gets lost with other cameras, when visiting with familyand everyone is taking photos.Lightweight enough to carry with you all of the time!
29. good digital cameras are hard to find but this one wins in all categories that matter from ease of use, to excellent view finder (big), to great pictures and long battery life - very sleek, fits anywhere easily and does its job while looking good!!  
30. The only problem is night photos of distant panorama, but those i think are only good with professional cameras.
31. When it comes to cameras, I want something easy to use but gives me a clear photo.  
32. The clean and cool design, sexy cerulean blue color, high resolution 7 megapixel images, and user friendliness combine to create one of the best digital cameras I have ever owned.  
33. A visit to the Sony website, suggests that Sony has new cameras coming out constantly -- new cameras that are very similar.  
34. A visit to the Sony website, suggests that Sony has new cameras coming out constantly -- new cameras that are very similar.  
35. All digital cameras (except the very expensive SRL ones) have a noticeable shutter lag (the time it takes from pressing the button to actually taking a picture). 
36. These cameras are great little cameras for the money.  
37. These cameras are great little cameras for the money.  
38. I own several digital cameras including two SLR's.  
39. Some people aren't aware of that fact, and there are some great SD-based cameras on the market, so save your money there.Hope that helps!
40. Increasing internal resistance with cycle life and age is typical for cobalt-based lithium-ion, a system that is used for cell phones, cameras and laptops because of high energy density. 
41. These cameras usually last a good 3 to 5 years (or longer), and given that 5MP is more than enough from a quality perspective for 99% of the population, the higher MP values are a scam for people to buy a new camera.First, on the battery, it's good but measuring by number of shots is very deceiving because some people can take 150 shots in 10 minutes -- so keep that in mind.  
42. But it still seems like the small cameras could offer more.5. 
43. I tend to be disappointed by the telephoto capabilities of these small cameras. 

negative sentences : 
1. Compared to other cameras, this one was about the same or cheaper. 
2. Many had sent their cameras to Sony to fix it and Sony says it was unfixable and gave the customers no accommodations for a camera that broke with less than 2 years of use.  
3. I mean, cameras are scary! 
4. But if you've used other cameras much, especially Sonys, you can pick this up and use many of the features right away.Read the short introductory guide that comes with the camera, though!
5. However, most people probably won't notice if you don't have a couple different cameras' outputs laying side by side.My biggest problem is that when the lighting condition is not optimal, you really need a steady hand to get a non-blurry picture. 
6. By default, I use 3, but for fine art, I'd like to change to 7 without diving into the full menu system.- Memory should be SD, not Sony memory stick- Plug for transfers should be USB, not proprietary- Battery charger should be over USB, not external or proprietaryMy next camera will:a) avoid the Sony memory stick-based cameras and go with a SD, Mini/MicroSD based solution for compatibility with my other portable devices (Nokia N800 Portable Internet Tablet) and built-in laptop ports.b) support higher ISO modes for better night time pictures without flashc) USB for charging and file transfersOk, I've traveled to Costa Rica and Argentina with this camera and have edited my prior review slightly.  
7. After using other ready to shoot digital cameras, and not being happy with the quality of them, I was extremely happy to find this Sony camera. 
8. I did notice that the Macro close-up photographs are not as good and detailed as in other cameras.There is really no, or very little difference between the DSCW35,50 and 55. 
9. When I was comparing other slim cameras with comparable mega bytes I decided to go to the store to see them all for myself before I bought them online.  
10. I'm not a professional photographer, so I'm not very exigent with cameras. 
11. Part of the reason I bought this camera was due to reviews on this site while I researched different cameras in my price range. 
12. This camera is definitely a base model compared to other, more advanced Sony cameras, but the price is right and the quality is excellent. 
13. It takes perfect pictures indoors and outdoors. when taking pictures of people, it makes their skin looks much better than it does with other cameras.I also find the internal memory super useful. 56mb is enough for around 200 photos in 640x480 resolution. 
14. Both were gifts for family members who had purchased low end cameras a year or two back and wanted to upgrade.  
15. This makes it hard to compare cameras, even within the Sony brand, and makes you feel as if your camera is obsolete the minute you buy it.3. 
16. For a camera that has been replaced bu other newer cameras this camera is very powerful, and Sony should look at engineering a newer more powerful camera.  
17. It has 56MB internal memory so you probably need a memory card (as with most cameras). 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : photos, positive Score : 52 and negative Score :-10
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. This camera is wonderful in most ways, compact, price, color, quality photos, and comes with it's own battery pack with wall charger. 
2. The reviews for this camera were great, but after a few rounds of photos, I found the Sony Cybershot DSCW55 very disapointing.  
3. Only about 1 in 8 photos are crisp and of a quality similar to that of my old HP 707.  
4. It is my first digital camera and Iam shocked how easy and beautiful the photos are! 
5. You may also mix video with photos on the same card as well.As far as picture quality goes, I feel it takes pictures Equal to or greater than cameras of a much higher pixel rating...in fact it almost takes as good of a photo as my $1200.00 canon DSLR set up.If you are looking for a small camera that takes great photos, has a great video feature, a good battery life, and is very durable. 
6. You may also mix video with photos on the same card as well.As far as picture quality goes, I feel it takes pictures Equal to or greater than cameras of a much higher pixel rating...in fact it almost takes as good of a photo as my $1200.00 canon DSLR set up.If you are looking for a small camera that takes great photos, has a great video feature, a good battery life, and is very durable. 
7. I bought the underwater housing for it that is available from Sony and have had a lot of fun taking underwater photos and videos with this little camera. 
8. I have a Sony camera that records on CD, and it takes amazingly noise free photos at even extended shutter speeds (several seconds). 
9. The camera can take so many amazing out standing photos that has been great to show family and friends. 
10. The W55 will take better photos than those credit-card type cameras that have a tiny lens system - optics will always make a difference in a camera.  
11. And overall it just didn't look good on the photos.This camera does take excellent movies even in the same situations that it didn't take good photos in.  
12. And overall it just didn't look good on the photos.This camera does take excellent movies even in the same situations that it didn't take good photos in.  
13. I was quoted $150 to repair it, and instead opted to buy the same model again because it took great photos and thinking the first camera was a lemon.  
14. It is easy to use and the photos are great. 
15. Fortunately, I met a couple with an SLR and was able to acquire some moonlit photos they took.  
16. Their photos required a 2 second exposure and a steady hand.BTW, this camera produces grainy photos at ISO 1000.
17. Their photos required a 2 second exposure and a steady hand.BTW, this camera produces grainy photos at ISO 1000.
18. But it also takes very clear photos as well, that is if your not too shaky, but if you set it right, then it will compensate for even that.  
19. Large, vertical lines appeared in the photos.  
20. It has a lot of options and choices, takes great close-up photos,does well in a variety of lighting and the movies aren't too bad of quality. 
21. This was an awesome model camera though, and I have many fantastic photos and videos thanks to it. 
22. - Simple interface- Starts up quickly- Good quality video recording- 7.2 mp is perfect - enough to enlarge photos to 8x10 or maybe even 11x14, without creating such large file sizes (like a 12-14mp camera)- Battery lasts a good amount of time- Has a small viewfinder in addition to the rear (2.5" ?) 
23. - Great macro mode - can take photos of subjects at very close range while keeping focus and picking up all detail!
24. Beautiful Color and Nice Camera Case.Never gets lost with other cameras, when visiting with familyand everyone is taking photos.Lightweight enough to carry with you all of the time!
25. This little camera, takes great photos, small yet stylish!
26. The only problem is night photos of distant panorama, but those i think are only good with professional cameras.
27. The pictures I get with this camera is a lot better than the ones I get with others from diferents brands e same 7.2MP, photos are really beutifull. 
28. It is powered with a rechargeable battery with loading dock for it to recharge and connection cables for easy downloading of photos to your computer.If you are looking for a new camera that is easy to use but gives you bang for your buck, then Sony Cyber-Shot is worth looking into and adding to your list!
29. I don't want to mess with the fancy settings or have to take a photography class just to be able to capture clear and great photos of my family.  
30. If you are looking for a camera that turns on immediately and is ready to take awesome photos, then this is your camera. 
31. It's still in great shape and the quality of my photos are great.  
32. And  most of the photos taken with it look pretty good.My one complaint with it though, is that when you hold down the button to take a picture it shines this red lazer light into the eyes of the people getting their picture taken and then it goes off...and then it snaps.So not only do they have to squint and hold their pose but then the red light tricks them when it goes off and they start moving about just as the snap actually happens.
33. It takes beautiful photos...sharp and the clarity is wonderful.
34. I actually enjoyed the camera and thought it took pretty good photos. 
35. I am so pleased with the resolution and the iso 1000 feature,I need a camera for night photos with the enough resolution.
36. Sharp photos, high resolution and low price, make this one a winner!  
37. This was my second purchase on the online sales business, i am sooo pleased with my camera, it takes beautiful and amazing photos, great resolution, the battery last charged a lot of time, i don't have any complains!!!
38. Easy to use, great photos, large screen. i bought my brother(silver one) the same one and also got one for my daughter(pink color).great price for a little camera, light and compact also. 
39. On the flip side it takes excellent outdoor photos. 

negative sentences : 
1. Also, I have never had a problem with taking blurry photos in the past, and nearly all of the photos I took with this camera came out with at least 1/4 of the photo blurry.  
2. If you tend to blur your photos, or do more low light shots, then the W80 is worth the extra money.
3. This camera also has two burst modes for taking multiple photos of moving action scenes.In the battle of cost versus quality and features, Sony really hits the sweet spot with the W55. 
4. I mention this because all my life I see people taking flash photos when the subject is many feet away - this simply does not work because small camera flash is timed with the shutter out to only 10 or 15 feet.  
5. In the worst conditions the photos did blur, but that's life.  
6. So not only can you get good photos at the family reunion or graduation or vacation, you can get videos that can be uploaded to share! 
7. I am disappointed because I bought this for indoor photos and its small size making it easy to grab on the go. 
8. However, I've been very disappointed in the quality and the poor photos.
9. I say only 1/4 because there were some very strange effects that happened in most of the photos.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : memory, positive Score : 51 and negative Score :-17
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I'd recommend a 2G memory,especially for taking a few videos.  
2. *The internal 56MB memory is really only good for 15-25quality pictures or a few (3-5) minutes of video.  
3. Ofcourse if you shoot at a lower pixel setting you canmore than triple your storage space, but if you can geta 2GB memory card--less than $25 at most stores, you caneasily shoot over 75 minutes of video or store close to2000 stills!
4. (Something very irrelevant, becasue you'll need to purchase a separate Memory card if you plan on taking more then 15 - 20 pictures).The feel of the camera itself is sturdy aluminum (it could handle a few mishaps) exept for the plastic battery/memory cover with feels kinda flimsy and cheap.Its small and lightweight, and easy to fit in your pocket.Overall a nice mainstream camera, great for the casual user, as it doesn't require much practice to take nice clean shots.
5. (Something very irrelevant, becasue you'll need to purchase a separate Memory card if you plan on taking more then 15 - 20 pictures).The feel of the camera itself is sturdy aluminum (it could handle a few mishaps) exept for the plastic battery/memory cover with feels kinda flimsy and cheap.Its small and lightweight, and easy to fit in your pocket.Overall a nice mainstream camera, great for the casual user, as it doesn't require much practice to take nice clean shots.
6. It also has a small memory stick that holds a lot of pictures and videos so there is twice the storage.This camera is not only tiny but is very lightweight. 
7. excellent Image,built and storage quatily, Lots of features as expected with a SONY , I highly recommend it. but buy the memory,extra battery and carrying case when you ordering it, I crack my LCD display before the carrying case reached
8. A little personalization is a good thing.The internal memory has been expanded (to 56MB), but I've never used the internal memory on the cameras that have had it, so I'm not sure that matters much.  
9. A little personalization is a good thing.The internal memory has been expanded (to 56MB), but I've never used the internal memory on the cameras that have had it, so I'm not sure that matters much.  
10. Get a 1-2GB card so you don't have to think about running out of memory too much - if you shop carefully, you can find them for so little these days that it's well worth avoiding running out of memory.  
11. The only recommendation I would make is to upgrade to a bigger memory card so you can take quality video clips. 
12. The movies take up a considerable amount of  memory space fast. 
13. The memory card is compatible for both. 
14. as always SONY made an excellent product, this camera isn't only pretty, but light and with an amazing resolution, the images come clear and very beautiful, it brings 54MB memory in the cam, so you can take about 22 good quality pictures.
15. In case you are wondering,unlike most cameras that limit the length of your videos to a pre-determined max time, you can record video for any length of time as long as you have available memory on the card. 
16. I bought this because it uses the same type of memory stick cards and has a optical viewfinder which is important to me useful in bright lighting conditions. 
17. Memory cards are easy to come by and work great.The absolute only thing wrong with this camera is that the screen is very large and thus very easily scratched.I use the camera to take photos for my home business, to videotape my friends, to take photos of me and my friends, and to take photos on trips. 
18. Only thing is you have to buy the special memory cards for Sony... just one extra step that I'm willing to take though.
19. Don't be fooled by the big memory, you will still need a larger card.  
20. The bigger the memory card the longer the video. 
21. Product is excellent, especially with memory upgrade.  
22. This is my first digital camera, and I have to say that is great, easy to use, compatible with my PSP and w810 phone memory, took a lot of pics on 5 MP quality and they look really good, and it's cheap compared with other digital cameras and its Sony.  
23. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
24. Aside from the frustration of Sony not using standard memory chips (you have to purchase specific for this camera), this is a great camera.  
25. Same for the memory card, everything else I own uses SD cards except this one device.  
26. I highly recommend getting a memory card right way. 
27. Very good product, good resolution, something expensive but acceptable price for quality  Memory was expensive compared to other market
28. It needs the memory stick to be useful.
29. The camera takes great pictures and also videos if you have enough memory. 
30. This sexy little (yes its really small the size of a pack of cards) it takes perfect clear and crisp pictures and the battery life is a long 320mins perfect for a vacation, make sure to get a memory stick with it though, because w/o it it only holds about 15 pics. 
31. Overall, an excellent camera for our main purpose: to take family pictures.Pros: very short shutter lag, fast turn on/off, good picture quality, easy to use intuitive interface, easy to carry, very high resolution, good bang for the bucks.Cons: uses memory sticks (pricier than SD cards), proprietary (and more expensive to replace) cables, very noisy in very low light conditions.Bottom line: wonderful for family pictures.

negative sentences : 
1. Duos come in up to 8GB sizes.The camera is not backward compatable with the Memory Stick or Memory Stick Pro.  
2. Maybe it was just due to memory stick as I was bought a cheaper quality memory card by my friend. 
3. Maybe it was just due to memory stick as I was bought a cheaper quality memory card by my friend. 
4. You might want a spare card if you plan to travel for more than a week, or use the video mode often - which is surprisingly good (though a bit dark) if set to fine, but uses enormous amounts of storage at that setting.You can stretch your memory, and your hard drive space, by using one of the lower-resolution settings to take snapshots.  
5. By default, I use 3, but for fine art, I'd like to change to 7 without diving into the full menu system.- Memory should be SD, not Sony memory stick- Plug for transfers should be USB, not proprietary- Battery charger should be over USB, not external or proprietaryMy next camera will:a) avoid the Sony memory stick-based cameras and go with a SD, Mini/MicroSD based solution for compatibility with my other portable devices (Nokia N800 Portable Internet Tablet) and built-in laptop ports.b) support higher ISO modes for better night time pictures without flashc) USB for charging and file transfersOk, I've traveled to Costa Rica and Argentina with this camera and have edited my prior review slightly.  
6. By default, I use 3, but for fine art, I'd like to change to 7 without diving into the full menu system.- Memory should be SD, not Sony memory stick- Plug for transfers should be USB, not proprietary- Battery charger should be over USB, not external or proprietaryMy next camera will:a) avoid the Sony memory stick-based cameras and go with a SD, Mini/MicroSD based solution for compatibility with my other portable devices (Nokia N800 Portable Internet Tablet) and built-in laptop ports.b) support higher ISO modes for better night time pictures without flashc) USB for charging and file transfersOk, I've traveled to Costa Rica and Argentina with this camera and have edited my prior review slightly.  
7. It has 56MB internal memory so you probably need a memory card (as with most cameras). 
8. There is a 56MB internal memory which would hold about 7 hi-def shots or 17 low-def, emailable images).  
9. it does not come with a memory chip but has an internal card which is def nice.  
10. The Internal memory is not accessible when the memory card are inserted3. 
11. The Internal memory is not accessible when the memory card are inserted3. 
12. I never needed any extra storage, but recently bought a 2GB memory stick anyway because it was cheap ($20)
13. It takes perfect pictures indoors and outdoors. when taking pictures of people, it makes their skin looks much better than it does with other cameras.I also find the internal memory super useful. 56mb is enough for around 200 photos in 640x480 resolution. 
14. :Although lithium-ion is memory-free in terms of performance deterioration, batteries with fuel gauges exhibit what engineers refer to as "digital memory". 
15. Also, "snapcrackle" mentioned that Lithium Ion batteries don't have "memory" -- that's not true, here's more info on that (and can save you lots of $ by maintaining your batteries!)
16. Six months after purchasing this camera the lens fails to open leaving me with a $200.00 (more when you consider memory stick and case) piece of junk. 
17. It has 56MB internal memory so you probably need a memory card (as with most cameras). 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : battery, positive Score : 83 and negative Score :-7
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. This camera is wonderful in most ways, compact, price, color, quality photos, and comes with it's own battery pack with wall charger. 
2. *A Lithium Ion battery, very good as it provides fullpower until completly drained, and no memory effect.
3. You may also mix video with photos on the same card as well.As far as picture quality goes, I feel it takes pictures Equal to or greater than cameras of a much higher pixel rating...in fact it almost takes as good of a photo as my $1200.00 canon DSLR set up.If you are looking for a small camera that takes great photos, has a great video feature, a good battery life, and is very durable. 
4. I have been surprised how long the battery lasts and with a 1Gig card I can take an endless amount of pictures.
5. The battery lasts forever, is easy and quick to charge, and works like a charm. 
6. The battery life is so good, that I didn't even make a dent in it shooting for 4 days.  
7. The battery life was average, but not too bad.I just replaced this camera with the 14.1 megapixel cybershot after it was ruined at a concert, and love the new camera as well. 
8. Besides that I love this camera...it is tiny so it fits anywhere...it is durable (trust me i have dropped it several times)...and the battery stays charged for long periods of time.
9. The battery lasts quite long and the best part is that it's rechargeable. 
10. I have been using this product here in Iraq to take pictures on my mission an this unit takes great pictures and has great battery life, when used with the flash slave works even better at night
11. I purchased a new battery to see if maybe something had happened to the original one and it still did not work.  
12. seems to have great battery life like all other cypershots.  
13. (Something very irrelevant, becasue you'll need to purchase a separate Memory card if you plan on taking more then 15 - 20 pictures).The feel of the camera itself is sturdy aluminum (it could handle a few mishaps) exept for the plastic battery/memory cover with feels kinda flimsy and cheap.Its small and lightweight, and easy to fit in your pocket.Overall a nice mainstream camera, great for the casual user, as it doesn't require much practice to take nice clean shots.
14. excellent Image,built and storage quatily, Lots of features as expected with a SONY , I highly recommend it. but buy the memory,extra battery and carrying case when you ordering it, I crack my LCD display before the carrying case reached
15. I was also very impressed with the battery life.  
16. Had this camera for about 2 or 3 weeks now and I am very pleased with it so far.It was recommended to me by a friend because of the long battery life more than anything else.  
17. Sometimes the flash and colors could work better, so the pictures would be brighterThe battery last for hundred shots.
18. It worked as expected.Things I loved:- Video mode for capturing sound and the "feel" of a place- ISO 1000 non-flash mode- EXIF data included in JPG files- Fantastic battery life - I took 300+ photos daily and the battery barely dropped below 90% capacity (recharge nightly for heavy use days)- Form factor- Automatic focus works almost every time- easy zoom switchChanges I'd make:- Stiffer "mode wheel" - it was changed easily when putting the camera in my pocket- higher ISO modes - 1000 wasn't high enough to capture the night Chinese New Years parade in Kowloon China. 
19. expensive battery ... delivery of effortless  & decent quality picture ... fits well those users who would content w/ a stylish camera having a solid build and a view finder
20. Even with buying 2 battery packs and trying to always keep one charging, we are always running out of battery power at key times, and often the backup battery is not on hand.  
21. Even with buying 2 battery packs and trying to always keep one charging, we are always running out of battery power at key times, and often the backup battery is not on hand.  
22. The only [huge] problem is the battery pack and not being able to use basic AA batteries.  
23. I have mixed feelings about this camera.The build is great, looks elegant and almost has a jewelery feel to it.The user interface is well designed and logical.The power and playback buttons can be a bit small and flat, but they are very responsive.Battery life is amazing.Image wise, I like how this camera captures color - rich without being overly saturated.With that said, comparing this camera to, say, Lumix FX or Powershot, one notices that images produced by this camera is not as sharp, especially when pixel peeps at 100%. 
24. The battery charger is a little slow, though probably OK.Keep this camera charged and handy, and you'll find you take a lot of pictures because it's easy to carry and easy to use!
25. The picture quality is good, it's easy to use, the LCD screen is a good size, the battery system is okay (though the charge is nifty, it's kind of large), and overall, I'm very happy that I finally bought one!
26. The battery takes long time to get over...
27. The battery lasts acceptable and is highly recommended for beginners in photography.
28. This sexy little (yes its really small the size of a pack of cards) it takes perfect clear and crisp pictures and the battery life is a long 320mins perfect for a vacation, make sure to get a memory stick with it though, because w/o it it only holds about 15 pics. 
29. I sent it back and bought a Canon Power shot a570 which cost less has much better features and better picture quality.Pros: good looking, small,Cons: picture quality, features, size (yep it is hard to hold), proprietary battery, proprietary card,
30. great picture quality, an excellent battery longlife.. purely, my best Digital Camera investment
31. i loved this camera until it broke. it was my own fault because i dropped it. i replaced it with an updated version of the same type of camera. very easy to use and the battery is rechargeable.
32. The battery life is still wonderful.  
33. Has very good battery. 
34. - Simple interface- Starts up quickly- Good quality video recording- 7.2 mp is perfect - enough to enlarge photos to 8x10 or maybe even 11x14, without creating such large file sizes (like a 12-14mp camera)- Battery lasts a good amount of time- Has a small viewfinder in addition to the rear (2.5" ?) 
35. The battery life is outstanding!
36. good digital cameras are hard to find but this one wins in all categories that matter from ease of use, to excellent view finder (big), to great pictures and long battery life - very sleek, fits anywhere easily and does its job while looking good!!  
37. I think both have the same battery life.
38. I like that there is a rechargeable battery for it. 
39. It is powered with a rechargeable battery with loading dock for it to recharge and connection cables for easy downloading of photos to your computer.If you are looking for a new camera that is easy to use but gives you bang for your buck, then Sony Cyber-Shot is worth looking into and adding to your list!
40. The battery life is just as good as everyone raves about.  
41. Battery packs are really solid and hold a charge.  
42. The battery life is great too.  
43. Great pictures and great battery life. 
44. More importantly, all the functions it promised worked out very well and very user friendly designed (don't need to read the manual at all).Battery last quite long just as promised. 
45. first when i open the box i fell in love with this cam the blue color is great looks better in hand than in the amazon page photo.very light,strong but delicate camera.very fast,lots of features battery last a lot.huge lcd display came with cable,battery is great!!.
46. first when i open the box i fell in love with this cam the blue color is great looks better in hand than in the amazon page photo.very light,strong but delicate camera.very fast,lots of features battery last a lot.huge lcd display came with cable,battery is great!!.
47. It doesn't take a good picture at anything less than ideal conditions, it uses a proprietary battery so you  can't pop in standard batteries when it goes dead.  
48. This was my second purchase on the online sales business, i am sooo pleased with my camera, it takes beautiful and amazing photos, great resolution, the battery last charged a lot of time, i don't have any complains!!!
49. Solid & long battery life. 
50. Eventually, the cell resistance reaches a point where the pack can no longer deliver the stored energy although the battery may still have ample charge. 
51. A lithium-ion battery in use typically lasts between 2-3 years. 
52. (Read more in 'Choosing the right battery for portable computing', Part Two.)Aging of lithium-ion is an issue that is often ignored. 
53. These cameras usually last a good 3 to 5 years (or longer), and given that 5MP is more than enough from a quality perspective for 99% of the population, the higher MP values are a scam for people to buy a new camera.First, on the battery, it's good but measuring by number of shots is very deceiving because some people can take 150 shots in 10 minutes -- so keep that in mind.  

negative sentences : 
1. By default, I use 3, but for fine art, I'd like to change to 7 without diving into the full menu system.- Memory should be SD, not Sony memory stick- Plug for transfers should be USB, not proprietary- Battery charger should be over USB, not external or proprietaryMy next camera will:a) avoid the Sony memory stick-based cameras and go with a SD, Mini/MicroSD based solution for compatibility with my other portable devices (Nokia N800 Portable Internet Tablet) and built-in laptop ports.b) support higher ISO modes for better night time pictures without flashc) USB for charging and file transfersOk, I've traveled to Costa Rica and Argentina with this camera and have edited my prior review slightly.  
2. Great little camera, user friendly, love the styling and blue colour, battery lasts for ages, great storage capacity, large lcd screen, overall fantastic little camera, value for money. 
3. The rechargeable battery should easily last you for a full day of shooting - hundreds of shots - with no problem. 
4. Battery is different also.  
5. One day it just started acting really weird, the power button was flashing, which means the battery is dead, but even after repeated charging it still would not work.  
6. Short battery life and they do not recharge well.  
7. It just recently stopped working (2011) completely, thought it was a bad battery, replaced it, still same problem. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : picture, positive Score : 71 and negative Score :-12
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. expensive battery ... delivery of effortless  & decent quality picture ... fits well those users who would content w/ a stylish camera having a solid build and a view finder
2. i think its definetly a steal at the price. the only down side i would say is that it doesn't take good night scene shots as the aperature is open to long and so its almost impossible to get a not fuzzy picture
3. The picture quality is awesome, even in dark settings. 
4. Picture was clear and didn't break or have problems after a few months of use.  
5. It looks amazing, has an amazing screen, takes great pictures and videos with sound, and has a simple settings menu that works great for almost every kind of picture imaginable. 
6. Picture quality is great. 
7. I was especially pleased with the video on this camera; the picture and sound were awesome! 
8. The features are easy to use and, best of all, the picture quality is great. 
9. I was BLOWN away with how simple it is to use it, and how beautiful the picture turns out. 
10. Just a couple of seconds between each picture, which is rare for a digital camera.  
11. And  most of the photos taken with it look pretty good.My one complaint with it though, is that when you hold down the button to take a picture it shines this red lazer light into the eyes of the people getting their picture taken and then it goes off...and then it snaps.So not only do they have to squint and hold their pose but then the red light tricks them when it goes off and they start moving about just as the snap actually happens.
12. Nice picture quality. 
13. The quality of the picture is good but takes some getting used to.  
14. I was playing around last night, turned off the lights and only using my flash, I took a picture of my kitten and the picture came out as clear as day. 
15. This is the 3rd digital camera that I've owned, but by far the easiest to use and takes the best picture's.  
16. Very high resolution and GREAT picture quality.  
17. The song Cybershot has a range of anything from seven millimeter, which assures the best quality of the picture and e-mail size which as crisp and clear but still captures the moment all the same.This camera is not only just a camera, it is also a  video camera. 
18. The scenes range from a lens that illuminates and captures fire in all of its brilliance, while in the next picture the snowman that you child just made can be crisp, white, and lifelike all in one.  
19. It conveniently fits in any bag and is always important when something funny, beautiful, or unusual happens.The Cybershot has an endless amount of  features that can be mixed and matched to make the perfect picture. 
20. I have an old Fuji F10 which does not have IS either, it is easier to obtain non-blurry pics from the Fuji (granted, the Fuji F series are known for taken low light pictures).On the plus side, when you do get a good picture, this camera has less noise at ISO200-400 comparing to Lumix or Powershot.All in all, this is a decent camera for taking everyday shots. 
21. Try the High ISO mode in low light no-flash situations - the picture quality suffers some, but most people will find it useful. 
22. Enjoy, and good picture hunting for you!
23. The picture quality is good, it's easy to use, the LCD screen is a good size, the battery system is okay (though the charge is nifty, it's kind of large), and overall, I'm very happy that I finally bought one!
24. It does have a few settings and picture options to fool around with, but nothing interesting/usefull enough to divert you from using the good 'ol auto setting. 
25. You dont need to know anything about taking shots, using its automatic settings you get a VERY NICE picture...It have everything you want in a digital camera, the movie quality is also very nice!!
26. The DSC-W55 was my first Digital Camera and wow, what an impressive first camera to own.The picture quality is very good, it takes pictures fast, and I put an 8 GB card into it and I can take almost 2 hours of video. 
27. Of course light is still needed and the subject can't be shadowed but if your taking pictures indoors, at night, with a bit of light (say a Christmas tree or at a dim restaurant), then the picture will come out naturally and visible.Disadvantages: Doesn't take excellent faraway pictures with the zoom option mainly because the zoom is weak. 
28. It reminded me of my previous Nikon, which was dropped once and never worked again :-(* LCD is big and goodI heard that the later models have picture stability control, with this feature this camera would definitely be a good buy for the price.
29. I sent it back and bought a Canon Power shot a570 which cost less has much better features and better picture quality.Pros: good looking, small,Cons: picture quality, features, size (yep it is hard to hold), proprietary battery, proprietary card,
30. I did a side by side comparison with several cameras including my old fuji and the sony had the least sharp picture of all.  
31. I think a great picture phone would even be better than this camera.
32. great picture quality, an excellent battery longlife.. purely, my best Digital Camera investment
33. Love the self timer (can be put on 2 second or 10 second delay, and flashes a convenient red light when ready to take picture), easy to use options and menu buttons, review screen is very clear, and the zoom is fantastic!!
34. You will have a hard time to find a small camera that records such good movies, too.So the pros would be good picture quality, easy to handle, great macro shots, self-explaining menu...Cons: noisy picture when taken on the ISO (1000) option... better do a manual adjustment rather than using this ISO. 
35. You will have a hard time to find a small camera that records such good movies, too.So the pros would be good picture quality, easy to handle, great macro shots, self-explaining menu...Cons: noisy picture when taken on the ISO (1000) option... better do a manual adjustment rather than using this ISO. 
36. The LCD screen is has a good image display, the picture quality is very good and movie quality is also very good. 
37. Great picture quality, very easy to use and great video quality as well.
38. I recommend a tripod if you take long videos only because if you hold it in your hand for a long period of time light movements can make the picture out of focus while recording. 
39. The camera is great, takes fantastic pictures with or without light.I went to the licing room and turned off the lights, the image of the picture was great, as if I hadn't turnedd off the lights at all.Also, It looks great really elegant.
40. I sent it back and bought a Canon Power shot a570 which cost less has much better features and better picture quality.Pros: good looking, small,Cons: picture quality, features, size (yep it is hard to hold), proprietary battery, proprietary card,
41. I'm happy with the picture quality. 
42. It doesn't take a good picture at anything less than ideal conditions, it uses a proprietary battery so you  can't pop in standard batteries when it goes dead.  
43. My comments after I have used it a few times -* Picture quality is good, but main problem is it does not have any stability control, so even the slight shake of your hand may reduce the pcture quality drastically.* Picture taken in low light is good in clarity, but it seems a bit pixelized (even taken in the highest megapiels).* Video quality is also quite good for a digital camera* One thing amazed me - I accidentally dropped it twice from my hand once it was quite forceful fall, but the camera kept working fine! 
44. My comments after I have used it a few times -* Picture quality is good, but main problem is it does not have any stability control, so even the slight shake of your hand may reduce the pcture quality drastically.* Picture taken in low light is good in clarity, but it seems a bit pixelized (even taken in the highest megapiels).* Video quality is also quite good for a digital camera* One thing amazed me - I accidentally dropped it twice from my hand once it was quite forceful fall, but the camera kept working fine! 
45. It takes great pictures with only an occasional blurred picture which happens with any camera (usually due to user error). 
46. If you're looking for a good camera, with a fair price this is the one you need, excellent picture quality, and also a very good interface with the PC, don't need extra software for Windows XP just plug it to the PC and windows see the camera like a Flash memory.I really recommend this camera.
47. A small camera with good performance, the picture may seem thinner, but it is relatively wide for the lens. 
48. It's small, easy to use and has great picture quality. 
49. The only con is there are only 2 options available for picture resolution. 
50. I had to work hard to brace my arms and hands to get a decent picture. 
51. My sister has an expensive Cannon digital and she couldn't get a clear picture of the Magic Kingdom castle at night.  
52. Overall, an excellent camera for our main purpose: to take family pictures.Pros: very short shutter lag, fast turn on/off, good picture quality, easy to use intuitive interface, easy to carry, very high resolution, good bang for the bucks.Cons: uses memory sticks (pricier than SD cards), proprietary (and more expensive to replace) cables, very noisy in very low light conditions.Bottom line: wonderful for family pictures.
53. We have used an older "Cannon" film type (which was a great camera) for years, but this "Sony" has made our "picture taking" life easier!! 

negative sentences : 
1. One important feature to me was not only picture quality but video since there are moments you may not have a movie cam handy but you have the picture cam right there. 
2. With no image stabilizer the very good quality was more the unsteadiness of the picture taker. 
3. However, most people probably won't notice if you don't have a couple different cameras' outputs laying side by side.My biggest problem is that when the lighting condition is not optimal, you really need a steady hand to get a non-blurry picture. 
4. The picture quality is just anverage/semi-high quality for this type of camera, which is more than enough for the average user. 
5. I was a little worried about how well I was going to be able to use it, and whether or not it would take as good of a picture as I was hoping.  
6. On the picture the camera looks great. but i do not like plastic cover i prefer metal one. 
7. This camera took worse pictures than my old 3.1 MP camera, every picture came out grainy looking, poor focus control. 
8. Picture quality experiments a disappointing decrease when digital zoom is used.Having the coloured options just makes it sweet! 
9. One important feature to me was not only picture quality but video since there are moments you may not have a movie cam handy but you have the picture cam right there. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : quality, positive Score : 112 and negative Score :-14
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Nice picture quality. 
2. This is BY FAR the best quality of pictures! 
3. The picture quality is awesome, even in dark settings. 
4. If the pictures come out too dark I just easily edit it with a photo program and they come out great.I love the quality of the pictures it couldn't get any better! 
5. Small, practice, easy to carry, with good quality, it is only that you can not use the zoom when they make a video and has no stabilizer.
6. The pictures I have taken have had great lighting and quality.  
7. While its nowhere near HD quality it is still very good quality considering the size of the camera. 
8. While its nowhere near HD quality it is still very good quality considering the size of the camera. 
9. The Sony Cybershot is my 6th digital camera and for the price it offers quite a lot of quality features in a small package.Pros:  *Palm size and lightweight, making it very portable.
10. Only about 1 in 8 photos are crisp and of a quality similar to that of my old HP 707.  
11. The menu is easy to use also and seems to be very similar to the Nikon SLR menu.If you are looking for a point and shoot, compact, easy to use camera with very good quality images and attractively priced, consider this one.  
12. Specifically, the camera rates high on ease of use, quality of photographs, and very high quality of videos.  
13. It takes great pictures and has a high quality Zeiss lens.  
14. Very good product, good resolution, something expensive but acceptable price for quality  Memory was expensive compared to other market
15. The features are easy to use and, best of all, the picture quality is great. 
16. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a simple to use, high quality camera.
17. Picture quality is great. 
18. I've only had the camera about a month but I think it's excellent quality for the price. 
19. It has a lot of options and choices, takes great close-up photos,does well in a variety of lighting and the movies aren't too bad of quality. 
20. Specifically, the camera rates high on ease of use, quality of photographs, and very high quality of videos.  
21. *A big, clear LCD screen, viewable even in sunlight/*Quality optical zoom lens (3x) good enough for face shotsacross a large room.
22. The quality of the picture is good but takes some getting used to.  
23. Very high resolution and GREAT picture quality.  
24. expensive battery ... delivery of effortless  & decent quality picture ... fits well those users who would content w/ a stylish camera having a solid build and a view finder
25. as always SONY made an excellent product, this camera isn't only pretty, but light and with an amazing resolution, the images come clear and very beautiful, it brings 54MB memory in the cam, so you can take about 22 good quality pictures.
26. The pictures taken came out great so the movies (using the best quality).The only * are a few shots at night. 
27. I didn't yet want to spend the bigger bucks to go to a high quality SLR until I found out if I would like the digital types or not.One handy thing for me anyway, is that most of the time whenevr I leave home to go anyplace, I just put it in my pocket, never been able to do anything like that before.UPDATE: Have now had this camera 3 years and only one problem. 
28. I have owned this camera for a few months and have taken pictures in all kinds of conditions and even a few videos and all have been excellent to very good quality. 
29. I bought it with a 2 gig pro duo card and that is plenty for lots of fine quality pics and video storage.
30. This camera is wonderful in most ways, compact, price, color, quality photos, and comes with it's own battery pack with wall charger. 
31. Good quality.  
32. The song Cybershot has a range of anything from seven millimeter, which assures the best quality of the picture and e-mail size which as crisp and clear but still captures the moment all the same.This camera is not only just a camera, it is also a  video camera. 
33. Try the High ISO mode in low light no-flash situations - the picture quality suffers some, but most people will find it useful. 
34. I recommend a good case and a quality screen protector.  
35. I have been very impressed with the quality of pictures so far. 
36. You dont need to know anything about taking shots, using its automatic settings you get a VERY NICE picture...It have everything you want in a digital camera, the movie quality is also very nice!!
37. very good price for it's quality. 
38. EXCELLENT QUALITY CAMERA.  
39. Having done that, it was really easy.The "P" setting is especially nice, since you can use it to set the camera anyway you want, even the flash (which has three levels of strength).The videos it makes aren't the best quality ever, but they're good enough. 
40. The camera is a convenient size, the video quality is pretty good, but the noise is far more than I would expect from a Sony. 
41. The picture quality is good, it's easy to use, the LCD screen is a good size, the battery system is okay (though the charge is nifty, it's kind of large), and overall, I'm very happy that I finally bought one!
42. this is a good camera but the quality of the video recorded with this camera is not really good.
43. I finally decided to buy myself a good quality camera, such that of the Sony Cyber Shot.  
44. With this camera, I think, you can take good quality pics but there is something wrong about recording video. 
45. You will have a hard time to find a small camera that records such good movies, too.So the pros would be good picture quality, easy to handle, great macro shots, self-explaining menu...Cons: noisy picture when taken on the ISO (1000) option... better do a manual adjustment rather than using this ISO. 
46. It fits in your pocket and the photo quality rivals my MUCH more expensive digital camera.I got this camera to take to Disney World.  
47. The video quality is also great, as I've found many occasions that videos are necessary. 
48. It's still in great shape and the quality of my photos are great.  
49. After our return home I attempted to print out some of our memories and found that the pictures, which looked wonderful on the viewfinder and on the computer, were of the poorest quality.  
50. Fast pics, easy to use, good quality, lightweight, etc.
51. great picture quality, an excellent battery longlife.. purely, my best Digital Camera investment
52. My advice is to steer clear of all Sony products as they appear to care little about quality.
53. The LCD screen is has a good image display, the picture quality is very good and movie quality is also very good. 
54. The LCD screen is has a good image display, the picture quality is very good and movie quality is also very good. 
55. This phone seems to be made of good quality material, very nice style. 
56. Very fast for it's size, great pic quality, well designed. 
57. Canon's faster and best in pic quality. 
58. This camera is amazing... for the price you pay the quality is fantastic and I would buy one again and again!
59. It's pictures are at the same quality as a lot of DSLRs.Buy this camera and you won't be disappointed.
60. I have an old canon 4 pix that takes much higher quality images. 
61. Great picture quality, very easy to use and great video quality as well.
62. Great picture quality, very easy to use and great video quality as well.
63. - Simple interface- Starts up quickly- Good quality video recording- 7.2 mp is perfect - enough to enlarge photos to 8x10 or maybe even 11x14, without creating such large file sizes (like a 12-14mp camera)- Battery lasts a good amount of time- Has a small viewfinder in addition to the rear (2.5" ?) 
64. I sent it back and bought a Canon Power shot a570 which cost less has much better features and better picture quality.Pros: good looking, small,Cons: picture quality, features, size (yep it is hard to hold), proprietary battery, proprietary card,
65. I sent it back and bought a Canon Power shot a570 which cost less has much better features and better picture quality.Pros: good looking, small,Cons: picture quality, features, size (yep it is hard to hold), proprietary battery, proprietary card,
66. this is an excellent choice, if your looking for a compact easy to use, quality camera. 
67. hi.. i bought the european version of this... the w85.... but i see they are both the same... i want to just say that i was disappointed by the image noise at any level... not like my previous w5 of such a great image quality... so even in daylight i'd see noise with this w85/w55.. i guess it's ok for the ones who just want to take a picture and  keep a souvenir...
68. It's small, easy to use and has great picture quality. 
69. If you're looking for a good camera, with a fair price this is the one you need, excellent picture quality, and also a very good interface with the PC, don't need extra software for Windows XP just plug it to the PC and windows see the camera like a Flash memory.I really recommend this camera.
70. My comments after I have used it a few times -* Picture quality is good, but main problem is it does not have any stability control, so even the slight shake of your hand may reduce the pcture quality drastically.* Picture taken in low light is good in clarity, but it seems a bit pixelized (even taken in the highest megapiels).* Video quality is also quite good for a digital camera* One thing amazed me - I accidentally dropped it twice from my hand once it was quite forceful fall, but the camera kept working fine! 
71. My comments after I have used it a few times -* Picture quality is good, but main problem is it does not have any stability control, so even the slight shake of your hand may reduce the pcture quality drastically.* Picture taken in low light is good in clarity, but it seems a bit pixelized (even taken in the highest megapiels).* Video quality is also quite good for a digital camera* One thing amazed me - I accidentally dropped it twice from my hand once it was quite forceful fall, but the camera kept working fine! 
72. My comments after I have used it a few times -* Picture quality is good, but main problem is it does not have any stability control, so even the slight shake of your hand may reduce the pcture quality drastically.* Picture taken in low light is good in clarity, but it seems a bit pixelized (even taken in the highest megapiels).* Video quality is also quite good for a digital camera* One thing amazed me - I accidentally dropped it twice from my hand once it was quite forceful fall, but the camera kept working fine! 
73. The DSC-W55 was my first Digital Camera and wow, what an impressive first camera to own.The picture quality is very good, it takes pictures fast, and I put an 8 GB card into it and I can take almost 2 hours of video. 
74. The video feature really does make this a video camera as well, high quality and such.
75. Overall, an excellent camera for our main purpose: to take family pictures.Pros: very short shutter lag, fast turn on/off, good picture quality, easy to use intuitive interface, easy to carry, very high resolution, good bang for the bucks.Cons: uses memory sticks (pricier than SD cards), proprietary (and more expensive to replace) cables, very noisy in very low light conditions.Bottom line: wonderful for family pictures.
76. I've had a wonderful experience with this camera, now I can have my own photo album with high quality pictures and great resolution, it's definitely a "must have it" product for anyone.
77. This is my first digital camera, and I have to say that is great, easy to use, compatible with my PSP and w810 phone memory, took a lot of pics on 5 MP quality and they look really good, and it's cheap compared with other digital cameras and its Sony.  
78. The pictures are great quality and the user menu got friendlier to use.  
79. The view screen is huge, the quality of the pictures is incredible. 
80. These cameras usually last a good 3 to 5 years (or longer), and given that 5MP is more than enough from a quality perspective for 99% of the population, the higher MP values are a scam for people to buy a new camera.First, on the battery, it's good but measuring by number of shots is very deceiving because some people can take 150 shots in 10 minutes -- so keep that in mind.  
81. The quality of the pictures is superb, it is easy to use, the LCD is gigantic, and the size allows me to carry it anywhere.  
82. I'm happy with the picture quality. 
83. Its so cute, it looks pretty.I am not a professional so i can talk as a normal costumer,so from my point of view the pictures have a really great quality.
84. With a 7 megapixel, but I take all of my pictures in a 5 megapixel - so you may say 7 is too much if you only need good quality pictures to print out at the local walgreen's - otherwise splurge on the 7 for nice movie-taking quality!
85. With a 7 megapixel, but I take all of my pictures in a 5 megapixel - so you may say 7 is too much if you only need good quality pictures to print out at the local walgreen's - otherwise splurge on the 7 for nice movie-taking quality!

negative sentences : 
1. One important feature to me was not only picture quality but video since there are moments you may not have a movie cam handy but you have the picture cam right there. 
2. With no image stabilizer the very good quality was more the unsteadiness of the picture taker. 
3. After using other ready to shoot digital cameras, and not being happy with the quality of them, I was extremely happy to find this Sony camera. 
4. Maybe it was just due to memory stick as I was bought a cheaper quality memory card by my friend. 
5. The picture quality is just anverage/semi-high quality for this type of camera, which is more than enough for the average user. 
6. The picture quality is just anverage/semi-high quality for this type of camera, which is more than enough for the average user. 
7. This camera is definitely a base model compared to other, more advanced Sony cameras, but the price is right and the quality is excellent. 
8. Picture quality experiments a disappointing decrease when digital zoom is used.Having the coloured options just makes it sweet! 
9. At 7.1mp, the quality of the pictures is more than enough. 
10. However, I've been very disappointed in the quality and the poor photos.
11. First of all the pictures do not have a high quality. 
12. Recording in .mpg format was important to me as I've had one that used .mov format and found it a bit of a pain to share with others and to convert reduced quality even more.I've had no issues with this camera and hope that continues as I truely love this camera. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : pictures, positive Score : 228 and negative Score :-48
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. It's easy to figure out and the pictures are amazing!  
2. The camera is great, takes fantastic pictures with or without light.I went to the licing room and turned off the lights, the image of the picture was great, as if I hadn't turnedd off the lights at all.Also, It looks great really elegant.
3. The screen is a great size, and it takes great pictures.  
4. In short it's a great camera for taking regular everyday pictures of trips, parties, etc.
5. It takes excellent pictures and it's a small, compact camera. 
6. I Love this camera, it is easy to use and pictures come out great. 
7. A great camera the pictures are sharp and it is so easy to use a great buy.
8. It does everything I need plus its super light and small enough to put in my bag/purse for all my in the moment capturing needs =) I haven't had a problem at all with this camera only because I try and take the best care of it.Takes nice pictures, prints nice pictures as well. 
9. It does everything I need plus its super light and small enough to put in my bag/purse for all my in the moment capturing needs =) I haven't had a problem at all with this camera only because I try and take the best care of it.Takes nice pictures, prints nice pictures as well. 
10. good digital cameras are hard to find but this one wins in all categories that matter from ease of use, to excellent view finder (big), to great pictures and long battery life - very sleek, fits anywhere easily and does its job while looking good!!  
11. This camera is small enough to fit in pocket or purse yet takes great pictures.  
12. This camera shoots amazing pictures.  
13. It's pictures are at the same quality as a lot of DSLRs.Buy this camera and you won't be disappointed.
14. Takes nice pictures as well as video. 
15. Sometimes it takes great pictures. 
16. Fun to use, easy to navigate, takes great pictures.  
17. Takes good pictures.  
18. EASY - TAKES GREAT PICTURES EVEN IF YOU HAVE SHAKEY HANDS! 
19. The red eye reduction was on and still red eyes were in several pictures. 
20. Once she read through the short and easy to understand manual, my wife became a pro at taking great pictures. 
21. The only challenge is that it doesn't always focus well in the bar when you're half drunk taking pictures of your friends. 
22. The other 'traditional' colors of black and silver were much more expensive.Pros:- The camera takes great pictures - even in low light situations (when the subject being shot is within range of the flash)!
23. Nice pictures, on all sizes and resolutions. 
24. I highly recommend this camera to anyone who just need a camera to snap some quick pictures with.
25. My pictures are almost always clear and bright, even indoor shots turn out well.This camera is lightweight, easy to use, and the manual that comes with it is excellent. 
26. I still highly recommend this camera for the gal on the go, this camera is worth every cent in my opinion for ease, convenience, and crystal clear pictures nearly every time! 
27. I also recommend buying the little mini tri-pod stand for low-light pictures or a group shot.
28. After our return home I attempted to print out some of our memories and found that the pictures, which looked wonderful on the viewfinder and on the computer, were of the poorest quality.  
29. I find this camera extremely easy to use and the pictures look great.
30. It takes much better pictures than I expected and it is very easy to use.  
31. The shutter speed is so slow I missed a few pictures. 
32. I love this camera, it takes very nice pictures, user friendly and it doen't look like my husband's silver camera!
33. Pictures are very clear and crisp.
34. The pictures are clear and it takes great video too.  
35. It is very small, fits easily in your pocket, but takes great pictures. 
36. The pictures are great quality and the user menu got friendlier to use.  
37. The view screen is huge, the quality of the pictures is incredible. 
38. I would highly recommend this camera to someone who wants purse size convience and really beautiful pictures.
39. Overall, the camera is packed with features and seems to be taking good pictures.  
40. Awesome pictures.  
41. The quality of the pictures is superb, it is easy to use, the LCD is gigantic, and the size allows me to carry it anywhere.  
42. I'm no professional or amateur photographer, but by my standards it takes good pictures. 
43. and it even has an optical viewfinder(a rare finding lately)  the optical viewfinder helps to get steady pictures for those of us with the shakes.  
44. The pictures are clear and the colors are excellent.  
45. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
46. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
47. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
48. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
49. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
50. I bought the later model (w530) which is such garbage I'm about to give it away; the pics come out badly no matter what.I use this model still by hooking up the av cords to my flat screen and taking pictures (small items to list online) I will buy another one of these cameras, waiting for the price to drop but apparently everyone is hip to it, the price keeps rising! 
51. Its so cute, it looks pretty.I am not a professional so i can talk as a normal costumer,so from my point of view the pictures have a really great quality.
52. And when the conditions are just right, plenty of light, nothing moving too fast, etc, it can take good pictures.  
53. With a 7 megapixel, but I take all of my pictures in a 5 megapixel - so you may say 7 is too much if you only need good quality pictures to print out at the local walgreen's - otherwise splurge on the 7 for nice movie-taking quality!
54. I've had a wonderful experience with this camera, now I can have my own photo album with high quality pictures and great resolution, it's definitely a "must have it" product for anyone.
55. The camera takes great pictures, there are different modes when taking pictures and make a difference in the pictures when you "snap the shot". 
56. The camera takes great pictures, there are different modes when taking pictures and make a difference in the pictures when you "snap the shot". 
57. This is our third digital camera since we had a baby, but it is the first one that allows us to take nearly perfect pictures of our son (15 months old). 
58. Our previous Minolta and Pentax were wonderful for still/nature pictures, but their 1+ sec shutter lag made it impossible to take pictures of a moving baby or to capture a nice smile. 
59. Our previous Minolta and Pentax were wonderful for still/nature pictures, but their 1+ sec shutter lag made it impossible to take pictures of a moving baby or to capture a nice smile. 
60. Now, this Sony has a shutter lag that is almost inexistent (without flash), and we can finally capture nice pictures of our son. 
61. Overall, an excellent camera for our main purpose: to take family pictures.Pros: very short shutter lag, fast turn on/off, good picture quality, easy to use intuitive interface, easy to carry, very high resolution, good bang for the bucks.Cons: uses memory sticks (pricier than SD cards), proprietary (and more expensive to replace) cables, very noisy in very low light conditions.Bottom line: wonderful for family pictures.
62. Overall, an excellent camera for our main purpose: to take family pictures.Pros: very short shutter lag, fast turn on/off, good picture quality, easy to use intuitive interface, easy to carry, very high resolution, good bang for the bucks.Cons: uses memory sticks (pricier than SD cards), proprietary (and more expensive to replace) cables, very noisy in very low light conditions.Bottom line: wonderful for family pictures.
63. During the day it takes great outdoor pictures.  
64. Clear pictures.  
65. I borrowed it and was so impressed with the pictures it took, I immediately wanted one of my own. 
66. It takes very nice pictures of landscapes, people, and pretty much everything. 
67. This camera takes great pictures and awesome macros. 
68. This camera is easy to use and takes very clear pictures. 
69. Great pictures and great battery life. 
70. This sexy little (yes its really small the size of a pack of cards) it takes perfect clear and crisp pictures and the battery life is a long 320mins perfect for a vacation, make sure to get a memory stick with it though, because w/o it it only holds about 15 pics. 
71. Beauty Camera, small with a big screen, with good zoom, easy to take pictures in some conditions, I'd like the old type wire to connect to TV and down images to the computers, try to be careffull with the wire. 
72. It takes great pictures with only an occasional blurred picture which happens with any camera (usually due to user error). 
73. It has been very easy to use with great pictures and video. 
74. It is simple to transfer the pictures/video to my laptop and is easily compatible with basic editing software.
75. The pictures were crisp and colorful and the setup and use was very simple. 
76. It has taken beautiful pictures for me and has some really neat settings. 
77. This camera takes good pictures, zooms in pretty well. 
78. It does seem to be geared towards people who are relatively new to the digital camera world and or maybe someone who is not planning on taking millions and millions of pictures, maybe just on special occasions, or something to that effect. 
79. Basically, it's a camera for those who want something reasonably priced, light, easy to use, fast, and captures with great detail and vibrant color.Advantages: Takes GREAT macro pictures. 
80. I used it to take pictures of my lovebird in extreme close-up and she came out beautifully. 
81. Of course light is still needed and the subject can't be shadowed but if your taking pictures indoors, at night, with a bit of light (say a Christmas tree or at a dim restaurant), then the picture will come out naturally and visible.Disadvantages: Doesn't take excellent faraway pictures with the zoom option mainly because the zoom is weak. 
82. The DSC-W55 was my first Digital Camera and wow, what an impressive first camera to own.The picture quality is very good, it takes pictures fast, and I put an 8 GB card into it and I can take almost 2 hours of video. 
83. The camera takes great pictures and also videos if you have enough memory. 
84. With the specific features that enhance snowy pictures, nightfall pictures, landscapes, and beach pictures, it is easy to look like a photographer without that much work in creating the perfect shot. 
85. With the specific features that enhance snowy pictures, nightfall pictures, landscapes, and beach pictures, it is easy to look like a photographer without that much work in creating the perfect shot. 
86. With the specific features that enhance snowy pictures, nightfall pictures, landscapes, and beach pictures, it is easy to look like a photographer without that much work in creating the perfect shot. 
87. This camera takes blurry pictures no matter the circumstance! 
88. My pictures have not been blurry and while using the zoom option, the pictures are still clear! 
89. My pictures have not been blurry and while using the zoom option, the pictures are still clear! 
90. And it only takes about 10 seconds to turn it on and have it ready to start taking pictures.
91. It takes great pictures and has a high quality Zeiss lens.  
92. The review pictures button is a little small, but you get used to it quickly.
93. Bought it as a gift and the recipient was happy with ease of use and nice pictures for a quick,convenient,carry-around handy camera.
94. It does exactly what I want and takes great pictures.
95. I have been using this product here in Iraq to take pictures on my mission an this unit takes great pictures and has great battery life, when used with the flash slave works even better at night
96. Since i live near the beach i spend alot of time there and the pictures really show the rich blue color of the water and there is rarely any blur. 
97. The pictures are sharp and the autosettings make it easy to get the lighting right. 
98. Takes clear, nice pictures. 
99. I take alot of pictures of my kids & this camera takes great action pictures of the kids.Great camera at a great price !!
100. It is so easy to transfer pictures and video from the camera to the computer, or from the card(bought separate) to the computer. 
101. I love it more than my old Cannon A80. : ) and yes, it takes WONDERFUL pictures!
102. Great pictures and easy to use. 
103. I love the compact size and color and the pictures are great.
104. Wonderful pictures, enough said.  
105. I get praise on the pictures and the cute color.
106. It looks amazing, has an amazing screen, takes great pictures and videos with sound, and has a simple settings menu that works great for almost every kind of picture imaginable. 
107. This camera does take good pictures at times.HOWEVER, there is no option to add a date stamp, which is very important to me.  
108. It took great pictures even if I couldn't keep my hand steady because of all the pushing and what not. 
109. The lead singer didn't stay still at all while he was on stage, and I still got clear pictures. 
110. It snaps a very bright, clear pictures even in a dim room. 
111. This is BY FAR the best quality of pictures! 
112. Maybe I've been lucky to take pictures in better lighting perhaps. 
113. I also have an Olympus FE-210 takes good pictures, however the night shots. 
114. If the pictures come out too dark I just easily edit it with a photo program and they come out great.I love the quality of the pictures it couldn't get any better! 
115. Excelent camera, easy to managment, friendly and take excelent pictures. 
116. I have been surprised how long the battery lasts and with a 1Gig card I can take an endless amount of pictures.
117. You may also mix video with photos on the same card as well.As far as picture quality goes, I feel it takes pictures Equal to or greater than cameras of a much higher pixel rating...in fact it almost takes as good of a photo as my $1200.00 canon DSLR set up.If you are looking for a small camera that takes great photos, has a great video feature, a good battery life, and is very durable. 
118. *The internal 56MB memory is really only good for 15-25quality pictures or a few (3-5) minutes of video.  
119. It takes really wonderful, clear pictures.  
120. Excellent price and takes awesomne pictures. 
121. It takes good pictures on it's automatic, and also offers lots of options for others, such as snow (which we got a lot of this winter and I got great pictures!) 
122. It takes good pictures on it's automatic, and also offers lots of options for others, such as snow (which we got a lot of this winter and I got great pictures!) 
123. I have been very impressed with the quality of pictures so far. 
124. The camera also has many settings to meet all your needs, from taking pictures outside, in the snow, or at the beach. 
125. I love this camera, very easy to use...the pictures have come out great.  
126. this was a perfect size, color and shape for me.it takes great pictures and videos and i learn something new everyday about how to use it since am not good with reading directions.the buttons take time to get used to since their small but thats not a big deal.this is my first camera and am having a great experience.
127. You can take good pictures in a dark room and still have the picture turn out well. 
128. It will make your pictures wonderful!!!
129. Anywho, these cameras have gotten high marks by all concerned for their ease of use, diminutive size, and excellent pictures.  
130. The pictures are just beautiful.  
131. Easy to use and my pictures came out great.  
132. Even when there is a picture saved and you need it to be zoomed in closer you can zoom in on that image and make it show even better.When saving pictures its easy with just a press of a button. 
133. The camera takes great pictures, it very easy to use I love it.
134. It takes good pictures and turns on quickly which is important when traveling.  
135. She took some great pictures, and is now currently convincing her husband to buy her one!
136. While she was very responsible, and took some strangely decent ones, I do now have a very massive collection of pictures of the mall floor. 
137. Any reasonable person will be very happy with the pictures from the W55, given the size of it.The camera will be a little slow and often take disappointing pictures in low light and dark situations.  
138. Any reasonable person will be very happy with the pictures from the W55, given the size of it.The camera will be a little slow and often take disappointing pictures in low light and dark situations.  
139. Good light always gives the best pictures with any camera. 
140. There are limits to what you can currently expect from any ultracompact camera.The W55 offers enough controls (through the scene modes and the Program mode) to allow a fair amount of control over the pictures, for an automatic camera.The charger is fairly compact and rated 100-240V, so while you'll need a plug adapter overseas you won't need a voltage converter. 
141. The battery charger is a little slow, though probably OK.Keep this camera charged and handy, and you'll find you take a lot of pictures because it's easy to carry and easy to use!
142. Great, clear pictures,fair price, a definate "MUST HAVE". 
143. Of course, you won't be able to take distant landscape pictures in dark conditions but that's something you only expect from a very high end photographer's camera anyway.  
144. I walked through rainforests and picked up all the sounds, as well as driving along country roads and taking great video clips and pictures.
145. I have an old Fuji F10 which does not have IS either, it is easier to obtain non-blurry pics from the Fuji (granted, the Fuji F series are known for taken low light pictures).On the plus side, when you do get a good picture, this camera has less noise at ISO200-400 comparing to Lumix or Powershot.All in all, this is a decent camera for taking everyday shots. 
146. It is easy to operate, a delight to carry around, and given proper lighting, produces very nice pictures. 
147. The Sony Cybershot has so many features and extras that allow your pictures to come out amazingly clear. 
148. Color is not the only thing that the photographer has control over, you can change the focus based on how fine you want the pictures to come out. 
149. i haven't played around with all the settings just yet, but so far it takes great pictures.  
150. I got this thing and barely ever used it.. took OK pictures but I dropped it ONCE in the grass while i was camping and the shutter wouldnt open, the flash bulb blew out and I couldnt open or close the shutter!  
151. The pictures are crystal clear, the movie playback is exceptional - you only hear what you're supposed to, no loud background noise or static, no muffled noise.  
152. The pictures come out so clear that after you take the picture you can zoom in 5X and count the pores on your face! 
153. Bright pictures, very small, fits in my pocket not too expensive. 
154. It took the best pictures I had ever seen and after some studing it was pretty easy to use too. 
155. He brought it on our vacation and the pictures turned out great.  
156. Great pictures, features and usability.  
157. Absolutely magnificent camera.was bought as a Christmas present and is probably the best camera anyone can find for the money.I'd recommend this camera to anyone looking for a digital camera and actually taking great pictures.
158. Small compact and takes great pictures. 
159. as always SONY made an excellent product, this camera isn't only pretty, but light and with an amazing resolution, the images come clear and very beautiful, it brings 54MB memory in the cam, so you can take about 22 good quality pictures.
160. The pictures taken came out great so the movies (using the best quality).The only * are a few shots at night. 
161. Sometimes the flash and colors could work better, so the pictures would be brighterThe battery last for hundred shots.
162. I have owned this camera for a few months and have taken pictures in all kinds of conditions and even a few videos and all have been excellent to very good quality. 

negative sentences : 
1. Takes fast pictures, but not one after another, like I was hoping.  
2. First of all the pictures do not have a high quality. 
3. It turns out, this camera takes terrible pictures.  
4. Most of the time, however, the pictures are dark & fuzzy. 
5. After a YEAR of this, and hardly having any decent pictures of my baby's first year of life, enough is enough. 
6. I am so disappointed with this camera, most of the pictures are grainy, especially inside pictures. 
7. I am so disappointed with this camera, most of the pictures are grainy, especially inside pictures. 
8. TOOK IT TO ARUBA AND USED THE BEACH MODE AND THE PICTURES OF THE BLUE WATER ARE AWESOME.  
9. I wasn't that far from the stage but still needed to zoom in all the way and no matter what setting I tried my pictures were blurry and very grainy. 
10. At 7.1mp, the quality of the pictures is more than enough. 
11. I used it for less than 30 pictures and after 34 days I pulled it out of the case and found the LCD cracked.  
12. A majority of my pictures came out blurry (indoor lighting) or dark because it doesn't have a strong enough exposure. 
13. I purchased this camera to snap off some photos when I moved to Vancouver for school (I left my other camera on the other side of the country) and it's one of the worst mistakes I've ever made.When it's not taking blown out white pictures or pitch black images, it's snapping off blurry or orange tinted images.I brought my first one back for another one- the same problem!
14. Don't forget you will have to buy a memory stick for this if you want to take more than a few pictures before downloading to your computer.
15. Your pictures will be blurry. 
16. You can forget about blurry pictures.
17. But typically, 1/2 the pictures are blurry and grainy.
18. It's really slim and can easily be put in your pocket, and the quality of the pictures is just fine.However, the workmanship is not so exquisite: when you press the top of the camera, there is some noise, it's somewhat annoying.
19. It takes perfect pictures indoors and outdoors. when taking pictures of people, it makes their skin looks much better than it does with other cameras.I also find the internal memory super useful. 56mb is enough for around 200 photos in 640x480 resolution. 
20. On this you just turn the dial and it displays clearly what each setting is used for.I added a 1 gig card to this and I can take as many pictures as I want.  
21. I've used it for snapping pictures while on walks of other landscaping ideas for my home.  
22. No matter how hard I tried, or how much I tinkered with the settings, 80% of the pictures were horribly blurry. 
23. The downside is that the pictures will come out blurry if you don't hold the camera completely still, and I would imagine it would be hard for someone with larger hands to opperate it since the buttons and camera itself really are very very small. 
24. I purchased this camera in May and it worked great at first, other than the videos being a little fuzzy, and not taking very good low-light pictures. 
25. it does take pictures a little different than our old one so learning which options (low light, landscape, twilight etc) work best is a little different.  
26. This camera took worse pictures than my old 3.1 MP camera, every picture came out grainy looking, poor focus control. 
27. With a little practice, anyone can take award-winning pictures with this camera!  
28. my daughter got this sony camera for xmas and just LOVES it. so eazy to use. she is in leadership for school and is incharge of spirit days. this requires her to take,print,and arrange many different pictures and she does this all by herself. i highly recommend this camera
29. I ended up getting so disgusted with my pictures and bought an Olympus Stylus 840. 
30. I'm a little disappointed at how easy it is to take blurry pictures (if you just move your hand just a little bit).  
31. Just be careful when taking video, it will do it with the settings you last used for taking pictures (such as black & white). 
32. When it is dark the pictures often become blurry with wierd streaks of light. 
33. I'm happy with it for the most part. great pictures and video. 
34. Not too many effects on it though and i still havnt figured out how to make the pictures  black and white. 
35. I realize the camera does not have a stabalizer but neither does my other 2 year old 7.2 mp digital that takes great pictures.  
36. I have never seen pictures more clear and the instructions are clear and easy and Iam not very literate with this type of item. 
37. The only thing I notice is that the zoom is a little short and in dark conditions without the flash you need a good hand to avoid take fuzzy pictures.
38. A 7.2 MP and fast shutter with reasonable flash for its size, its hard to mess up pictures.
39. my daughter in law bought this camara, the pictures are bad, the noise is like another rewier said is so loud you can hear it. 
40. I need to get a new camera now and I though I loved the quality of the pictures, I am afraid of getting another dud from Sony.
41. But after a day or two of taking an obscene amount of pictures of flowers and family members, I got used to it. 
42. Same (good) lenses, same size sensor = the same (good) pictures, but not better.  
43. I have faced that problem before, my movie was too long and very interesting...therefore I could not take anymore pictures with my friends which was annoying since  I wanted more pictures, but would not delete the movie in its place.I recommend the Sony CyberShot to anyone who loves photography or even memories. 
44. Wll it wasn't I was shocked that the slightest move or wind would make my pictures come out so horrible. 
45. By default, I use 3, but for fine art, I'd like to change to 7 without diving into the full menu system.- Memory should be SD, not Sony memory stick- Plug for transfers should be USB, not proprietary- Battery charger should be over USB, not external or proprietaryMy next camera will:a) avoid the Sony memory stick-based cameras and go with a SD, Mini/MicroSD based solution for compatibility with my other portable devices (Nokia N800 Portable Internet Tablet) and built-in laptop ports.b) support higher ISO modes for better night time pictures without flashc) USB for charging and file transfersOk, I've traveled to Costa Rica and Argentina with this camera and have edited my prior review slightly.  
46. The pictures are great, no red eye.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : camera, positive Score : 497 and negative Score :-75
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I've had this camera for a few days, I can say that I'm really satisfied with the pictures taken. 
2. My last camera was the bulkier Canon s450 5mp, and I really like this camera better with the exception that I had more manual controls on my canon. 
3. I bought it for a friend. has sleek design, small size and handy features. it is definitely worth the price. recommended camera. if you are looking for a budget price camera and want to use AA batteries and don't mind using a little thicker camera, go for Canon A570 IS with anti-shake.
4. I bought it for a friend. has sleek design, small size and handy features. it is definitely worth the price. recommended camera. if you are looking for a budget price camera and want to use AA batteries and don't mind using a little thicker camera, go for Canon A570 IS with anti-shake.
5. The camera is great, takes fantastic pictures with or without light.I went to the licing room and turned off the lights, the image of the picture was great, as if I hadn't turnedd off the lights at all.Also, It looks great really elegant.
6. But all in all I love this camera and it was a great buy!
7. There are a few features I would like, but no other point and shoot camera has those features either so you really can't hate on this one for not having them. 
8. In short it's a great camera for taking regular everyday pictures of trips, parties, etc.
9. After using the Cyber-Shot I can honestly say that I am in love with this camera.The camera comes in silver, black, pink or light blue.  
10. After using the Cyber-Shot I can honestly say that I am in love with this camera.The camera comes in silver, black, pink or light blue.  
11. The camera is easy to use and can switch settings with the turn of dial. 
12. It is powered with a rechargeable battery with loading dock for it to recharge and connection cables for easy downloading of photos to your computer.If you are looking for a new camera that is easy to use but gives you bang for your buck, then Sony Cyber-Shot is worth looking into and adding to your list!
13. It takes a long time to focus and that's difficult to work with when you are trying to record.I wish I would have choose a better camera.
14. When my camera died, I needed something new and purchased this one. 
15. It takes excellent pictures and it's a small, compact camera. 
16. I Love this camera, it is easy to use and pictures come out great. 
17. I have a large Nikon D50 that I use most of the time, but I wanted a little camera, something that would fit in my pocket for occasions when lugging the D50 isn't convenient.  
18. A great camera the pictures are sharp and it is so easy to use a great buy.
19. As I said this camera was not put into any situation where this should happen, therefore it is probably a manufacturing defect of some sort.Anyways, I contact Sony and turns out the screen is not covered by the warranty and to get it fixed I will need to pay $111... on a $175 camera I bought a few months ago.  
20. This camera is amazing... for the price you pay the quality is fantastic and I would buy one again and again!
21. Camera use is very easy as well.  
22. :)  highly recommend this product to anyone up in the air about which digital camera to buy - you would not be disappointed w/ this one!
23. This camera is small enough to fit in pocket or purse yet takes great pictures.  
24. This camera has a big screen...great for anyone with poor eye sight.  
25. This camera shoots amazing pictures.  
26. It is a nice camera.  
27. I am extremely pleased with this camera. 
28. This is my second Cybershot.I have both the DSCW50 and DSCW55.The main problem of this particular model is the flash.Code 99 which is defective flash.Luckily on my first camera (DSCW50)the flash broke w/in the year of purchase,so it was fix free.But the second on (DSCW55)broke after 13 months.They were charging me $175.00 just to look at the camera.My older camera w/c is the Canon powershot A85 is still working.So I decided to switch back to Canon
29. This is my second Cybershot.I have both the DSCW50 and DSCW55.The main problem of this particular model is the flash.Code 99 which is defective flash.Luckily on my first camera (DSCW50)the flash broke w/in the year of purchase,so it was fix free.But the second on (DSCW55)broke after 13 months.They were charging me $175.00 just to look at the camera.My older camera w/c is the Canon powershot A85 is still working.So I decided to switch back to Canon
30. This is my second Cybershot.I have both the DSCW50 and DSCW55.The main problem of this particular model is the flash.Code 99 which is defective flash.Luckily on my first camera (DSCW50)the flash broke w/in the year of purchase,so it was fix free.But the second on (DSCW55)broke after 13 months.They were charging me $175.00 just to look at the camera.My older camera w/c is the Canon powershot A85 is still working.So I decided to switch back to Canon
31. At first i was happy with this camera, perhaps lulled by it's good looks and  small size, then I woke up and realized that half of my pictures were out of focus, even when i allowed for the beep supposedly telling me it is focused, achieved by holding the button half way momentarily before taking the picture. 
32. I purchased this camera a couple of days ago on my deployment to the middle east and I have to say for the price it is an amazing camera.Wonderful clear crisp images.It does feel very light.some reviews I've read said they didn't like that.But who really wants to carry around a heavy camera in there pocket.BUY A CASE WITH IT!!! 
33. I purchased this camera a couple of days ago on my deployment to the middle east and I have to say for the price it is an amazing camera.Wonderful clear crisp images.It does feel very light.some reviews I've read said they didn't like that.But who really wants to carry around a heavy camera in there pocket.BUY A CASE WITH IT!!! 
34. My husband and I had decided to get this camera because we needed something smaller compared to our old digital that can actually hold a floppy disk. 
35. This camera is compact and fits right into your pocket. 
36. After my daughter purchased this very camera, but in Pink, my wife issisted she get one. 
37. This little camera, takes great photos, small yet stylish!
38. My Camera Case came in pink, which I like better than the black one,as in the attached photo.
39. I'd brought this camera for my 14 yrs old son birthday, he loved it.This camera is easy to use & have a lot of functions. 
40. I'd brought this camera for my 14 yrs old son birthday, he loved it.This camera is easy to use & have a lot of functions. 
41. I was looking for a small digital camera that would take movies with sound, and I am very glad that I chose this one. 
42. Overall its a good camera for those who take basic pics. 
43. Sony Cybershot was my first digital camera purchase.  
44. I'm a complete novice and find this camera very easy to use.  
45. I previously owned a similar camera model (Sony DSC-W50 6mp) that ended up getting handled by our kids and broken after 5 years of use.  
46. The other 'traditional' colors of black and silver were much more expensive.Pros:- The camera takes great pictures - even in low light situations (when the subject being shot is within range of the flash)!
47. - Simple interface- Starts up quickly- Good quality video recording- 7.2 mp is perfect - enough to enlarge photos to 8x10 or maybe even 11x14, without creating such large file sizes (like a 12-14mp camera)- Battery lasts a good amount of time- Has a small viewfinder in addition to the rear (2.5" ?) 
48. I kept this camera in a case the whole time I had it. 
49. Great camera, but with the output port being on the bottom, even with a tripod, you cannot view the picture about to be taken on a tv screen because it is impossible to plug it in.  
50. If you're looking for a reliable camera with a reasonable price, you gotta have this camera. 
51. I was pretty satisfied with that camera, so the replace needed to be at least as good as the old one. 
52. You will have a hard time to find a small camera that records such good movies, too.So the pros would be good picture quality, easy to handle, great macro shots, self-explaining menu...Cons: noisy picture when taken on the ISO (1000) option... better do a manual adjustment rather than using this ISO. 
53. I highly recommend this camera to anyone who just need a camera to snap some quick pictures with.
54. The camera has a very small lag time from button push to snap of photo. 
55. It fits in your pocket and the photo quality rivals my MUCH more expensive digital camera.I got this camera to take to Disney World.  
56. It fits in your pocket and the photo quality rivals my MUCH more expensive digital camera.I got this camera to take to Disney World.  
57. I did not want to carry around my large digital camera.  
58. My pictures are almost always clear and bright, even indoor shots turn out well.This camera is lightweight, easy to use, and the manual that comes with it is excellent. 
59. I still highly recommend this camera for the gal on the go, this camera is worth every cent in my opinion for ease, convenience, and crystal clear pictures nearly every time! 
60. My only complaint about this camera is that when it takes a picture, it seems to take awhile for the shot.
61. Needless to say we are in the market again for a new camera.  
62. I find this camera extremely easy to use and the pictures look great.
63. It is a good camera, but you can buy this from Amazon itself for 139$ (if you choose a non-pink color), or from elsewhere for 150$ for pink.If you can afford upgrade to W80.
64. This camera is great for the first time digital user.  
65. My wife and I love this camera however the first one we got and the replacement both have the same issue of the lens getting stuck when you turn it on.  
66. Easy to use, great photos, large screen. i bought my brother(silver one) the same one and also got one for my daughter(pink color).great price for a little camera, light and compact also. 
67. USB port and charger all in the package. all you need is the memory card and camera caseSony Cybershot DSCW55 7.2MP Digital Camera with 3x Optical Zoom (Black)great camera !!
68. I love this camera, it takes very nice pictures, user friendly and it doen't look like my husband's silver camera!
69. i loved this camera until it broke. it was my own fault because i dropped it. i replaced it with an updated version of the same type of camera. very easy to use and the battery is rechargeable.
70. (And before anyone says that I just don't know how to use it, keep in mind that I've been a photographer for a few years.)Add to that the countless number of reviews for this camera for the same problems that I'm having and you get one bottom line- THIS CAMERA IS A DUD!
71. (And before anyone says that I just don't know how to use it, keep in mind that I've been a photographer for a few years.)Add to that the countless number of reviews for this camera for the same problems that I'm having and you get one bottom line- THIS CAMERA IS A DUD!
72. I thought it would be a good camera for the price, but boy have I been wrong. 
73. In fact, if I even try to move it  - it prompts me to turn off power and turn on again.I'm just going to have to buy a new camera. 
74. This is my first Sony camera and I will definitely not be buying this brand again.
75. great picture quality, an excellent battery longlife.. purely, my best Digital Camera investment
76. I'm extrememly happy with my new Sony camera. 
77. Camera is perfect for me, point and shoot. 
78. I bought this camera for my 10 year old daughter.  
79. I think a great picture phone would even be better than this camera.
80. I bought the same camera in black. 
81. A great camera. 
82. Great little camera for the price. 
83. This is my first digital camera, and I have to say that is great, easy to use, compatible with my PSP and w810 phone memory, took a lot of pics on 5 MP quality and they look really good, and it's cheap compared with other digital cameras and its Sony.  
84. This is a great camera for the money.  
85. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good deal in camera and does not have photographic needs.
86. It is amazing how much camera you can get for the money. 
87. I guess if you really want to zoom in, then you have to go to a big camera. 
88. Having said all of that, in the end, this camera is small and easy to carry, light weight, durable, and it is also easy to use. 
89. I said to them, just leave the dial set to the little green camera, and snap away. 
90. Great camera for the amateur photographer!  
91. I bought this camera for my daugters birthday.  
92. The camera is so easy to use they were making quite lengty vidoes on it in minutes. 
93. There camera is better than mine, which I paid twice as much for.  
94. I bought this camera last december for an incredible price, it's a wonderful camera, worthy the money I paid for it BUT...you need to be warned, today my camera just stopped working for no apparent reason, when I turn on the camera the lens come out and go back at least 3 times, an "access" legend appears on the screen and finally the camera starts beeping and says turn off and turn on again, you can go and see the stored pictures but you can't take pictures anymore.The reason I am warning you is because while searching ways to fix it I learned that this is a very common problem with this camera, SONY needs to take care of this issue.
95. I bought this camera last december for an incredible price, it's a wonderful camera, worthy the money I paid for it BUT...you need to be warned, today my camera just stopped working for no apparent reason, when I turn on the camera the lens come out and go back at least 3 times, an "access" legend appears on the screen and finally the camera starts beeping and says turn off and turn on again, you can go and see the stored pictures but you can't take pictures anymore.The reason I am warning you is because while searching ways to fix it I learned that this is a very common problem with this camera, SONY needs to take care of this issue.
96. I bought this camera last december for an incredible price, it's a wonderful camera, worthy the money I paid for it BUT...you need to be warned, today my camera just stopped working for no apparent reason, when I turn on the camera the lens come out and go back at least 3 times, an "access" legend appears on the screen and finally the camera starts beeping and says turn off and turn on again, you can go and see the stored pictures but you can't take pictures anymore.The reason I am warning you is because while searching ways to fix it I learned that this is a very common problem with this camera, SONY needs to take care of this issue.
97. It's everything it claims to be and, from my perspective, it's a great camera for the price.  
98. So I bought one of my own with some frequent flyer miles and I'm still very happy with this camera.  
99. My new camera arrived, works perfectly out of the box, and today I look on Sony's web site to find out you can't buy this little guy from them anymore.  
100. My last digital camera was a Casio Slim Shot (?) 
101. The Sony Cybershot is fragile, light and seemingly made of plastic which makes me wonder about the quality of the "carl zeiss" lens and whether it will be able to withstand living in my backpack or jacket pocket, ready for use.I dont think I would recommend this camera to everyday users and would definitely have shopped around with cameras in person before purchasing.
102. I haven't taken very many flash pics, so not sure what to expect here, but so far, great camera.  
103. Based on the more polished Sony W80 version of this camera, I recommend spending the extra few bucks and going that route.  
104. These cameras usually last a good 3 to 5 years (or longer), and given that 5MP is more than enough from a quality perspective for 99% of the population, the higher MP values are a scam for people to buy a new camera.First, on the battery, it's good but measuring by number of shots is very deceiving because some people can take 150 shots in 10 minutes -- so keep that in mind.  
105. I am very happy with this camera.  
106. It is not an enthusiasts camera:  too hard to get into the menus.  
107. The camera is very good - easy to use etc. and was delivered in good condition.  
108. This was my second purchase on the online sales business, i am sooo pleased with my camera, it takes beautiful and amazing photos, great resolution, the battery last charged a lot of time, i don't have any complains!!!
109. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
110. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
111. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
112. This is my first digital camera, i did a lot of search and finaly i decide for the DSC-W55 in black, and is what i was looking for, small enough to have it in my purse, have a lot of functions, and is very easy to import pictures to my computer, you only connect the camera with the USB cable and you don't need to install the software that came with the camera, I have windows vista and i didn't have any problems transfering the pictures, is the best camera and the price is great, and you can choose the super saver shipping and save more.you will love this camera too, is small, very pretty, have lots of options, and take great pictures.Some one wrote in a review that this camera feels like plastic, and that's not true, looks very durable to me and I think is a good product and worth every single dollar you spend.Is easy to shoot pictures in the Auto adjustment mode, to start taking pictures the sooner you charge the battery, because this camera have an internal memory you can buy a memory card later.Well hope you have lots of fun taking pictures, Good luck..!
113. This is a great camera - too bad I had to call all around the area to find it and drive out of my way to get it due to Amazon's incompetence.If you need something in a hurry, do not rely on Amazon to get it to you overnight, even having paid $35 for delivery.
114. I could pay $111.00 to have it fixed, but instead I am going to purchase a good camera. 
115. The incredible part of the camera is the flash, it brightens up a night shot very nicely.  
116. Had to retake some photos as a result because the flash did not go off since some image settings do not have flash.Overall this camera is a great addition for everyday use.  
117. It is still a good idea to have a camera with more zoom for far away shots for children's events and major family trips.
118. Aside from the frustration of Sony not using standard memory chips (you have to purchase specific for this camera), this is a great camera.  
119. Aside from the frustration of Sony not using standard memory chips (you have to purchase specific for this camera), this is a great camera.  
120. Very light but very powerful camera. 
121. I've had a wonderful experience with this camera, now I can have my own photo album with high quality pictures and great resolution, it's definitely a "must have it" product for anyone.
122. This is my first digital camera and I am glad I bought a SONY. 
123. The camera takes great pictures, there are different modes when taking pictures and make a difference in the pictures when you "snap the shot". 
124. first when i open the box i fell in love with this cam the blue color is great looks better in hand than in the amazon page photo.very light,strong but delicate camera.very fast,lots of features battery last a lot.huge lcd display came with cable,battery is great!!.
125. dont look for more this is a five star easy to use camera
126. If you want a simple camera for your vacations, and you're not a professional but such a tourist who wants to record all its vacations memories, this is the perfect equipment for you.
127. We have used an older "Cannon" film type (which was a great camera) for years, but this "Sony" has made our "picture taking" life easier!! 
128. This is our third digital camera since we had a baby, but it is the first one that allows us to take nearly perfect pictures of our son (15 months old). 
129. The camera is also very fast to turn on, taking about 1+ sec, a very important feature for capturing those special moments. 
130. Overall, an excellent camera for our main purpose: to take family pictures.Pros: very short shutter lag, fast turn on/off, good picture quality, easy to use intuitive interface, easy to carry, very high resolution, good bang for the bucks.Cons: uses memory sticks (pricier than SD cards), proprietary (and more expensive to replace) cables, very noisy in very low light conditions.Bottom line: wonderful for family pictures.
131. This little camera is the first one I owned that was small and easy to carry and use.  
132. This might have been a nice camera had it worked. 
133. I wouldn't have high expectations for a $40 camera, but after paying over $200, and with the "Sony" name, I expect better.  
134. The camera is only six months old, and has been used only indoors or outside the house in sunny, dry weather!  
135. This is an upgrade to our first Sony Digital Camera.  
136. this is an excellent choice, if your looking for a compact easy to use, quality camera. 
137. My parents bought my little sister a digital camera for her birthday. 
138. Anyone looking for a point and shoot camera, this is a very good choice. 
139. This camera takes great pictures and awesome macros. 
140. this camera works excellent! 
141. i dont think i will ever get another. it works better then my friends very expensive camera. very glad i bought this.
142. I am very satisfied with the camera. 
143. So, I'm sending it back and going to try to find a suitable replacement for what the camera was before it broke.
144. This camera is easy to use and takes very clear pictures. 
145. It was a great little camera while it lasted. 
146. Then, last week, the shutter button broke off while it was in my wifes purse.So I'm in the market for a new camera; it won't be another Sony.
147. This is my first digital camera and I would definitely buy sony again.
148. This camera works great. 
149. A small camera with good performance, the picture may seem thinner, but it is relatively wide for the lens. 
150. If you're looking for a good camera, with a fair price this is the one you need, excellent picture quality, and also a very good interface with the PC, don't need extra software for Windows XP just plug it to the PC and windows see the camera like a Flash memory.I really recommend this camera.
151. Unbeliable camera !!!!!
152. Beauty Camera, small with a big screen, with good zoom, easy to take pictures in some conditions, I'd like the old type wire to connect to TV and down images to the computers, try to be careffull with the wire. 
153. The camera is very lightweight and small. 
154. It takes great pictures with only an occasional blurred picture which happens with any camera (usually due to user error). 
155. sony has now come out with digitals that have an anti shake feature that would probably be very nice since it is easy to move the camera when taking a picture now that the cameras are so small.
156. This is my 2nd camera, the first one I gave away to my sister.Works great and good price also.
157. This camera is simple enough for point-and-shoot.  
158. GREAT camera for anyone!  
159. This camera is GREAT!  
160. My old camera was at the beach 6 times a summer and never had an issue.  
161. My comments after I have used it a few times -* Picture quality is good, but main problem is it does not have any stability control, so even the slight shake of your hand may reduce the pcture quality drastically.* Picture taken in low light is good in clarity, but it seems a bit pixelized (even taken in the highest megapiels).* Video quality is also quite good for a digital camera* One thing amazed me - I accidentally dropped it twice from my hand once it was quite forceful fall, but the camera kept working fine! 
162. My comments after I have used it a few times -* Picture quality is good, but main problem is it does not have any stability control, so even the slight shake of your hand may reduce the pcture quality drastically.* Picture taken in low light is good in clarity, but it seems a bit pixelized (even taken in the highest megapiels).* Video quality is also quite good for a digital camera* One thing amazed me - I accidentally dropped it twice from my hand once it was quite forceful fall, but the camera kept working fine! 
163. It reminded me of my previous Nikon, which was dropped once and never worked again :-(* LCD is big and goodI heard that the later models have picture stability control, with this feature this camera would definitely be a good buy for the price.
164. This is a decent camera at a affordable price. 
165. I'm a technologically challenged college student, but this camera is so easy to use. 
166. This camera takes good pictures, zooms in pretty well. 
167. It does seem to be geared towards people who are relatively new to the digital camera world and or maybe someone who is not planning on taking millions and millions of pictures, maybe just on special occasions, or something to that effect. 
168. Overall I believe the camera is a good buy.
169. Great camera, easy to use, quick to learn, and offers great features such as the burst and multi-burst, video, and a small but decent zoom.  
170. Otherwise the camera seems fine for day to day purposes.I  find digital cameras, particularly those with telescoping lenses, break easily.  
171. I have a large Sony digital camera which I really like but I was looking for a small version that I could stick in my pocket.  
172. This is a great little camera.  
173. Good-looking camera that has a lot of picture-capturing options and is easy to use. 
174. The DSC-W55 was my first Digital Camera and wow, what an impressive first camera to own.The picture quality is very good, it takes pictures fast, and I put an 8 GB card into it and I can take almost 2 hours of video. 
175. The DSC-W55 was my first Digital Camera and wow, what an impressive first camera to own.The picture quality is very good, it takes pictures fast, and I put an 8 GB card into it and I can take almost 2 hours of video. 
176. The video feature really does make this a video camera as well, high quality and such.
177. have been using this camera for a few months now and it is one of the best i have ever used. easy of use is the best feature. i have dropped it a few times and it still works like new. i also like the fact it has a viewfinder for use in sunlight.
178. I've used disposable cameras my whole life, even in high school and college, when everyone else had a digital camera i always stuck with disposable cameras.  
179. I finally decided to buy myself a good quality camera, such that of the Sony Cyber Shot.  
180. Its my first digital camera, and surprisingly very easy to use.  
181. To work the camera, understand the directions, and just being able to use the camera was far more easy than i expected.  
182. This camera is a great camera. 
183. This camera is a great camera. 
184. The camera takes great pictures and also videos if you have enough memory. 
185. This camera gives good pics of you even when you think u don't look so great that day. 
186. The camera worked out great and was $100 less than others I considered.  
187. This camera takes blurry pictures no matter the circumstance! 
188. I am very happy with my new digital camera.  
189. This camera takes very good pics.  
190. Just a couple of seconds between each picture, which is rare for a digital camera.  
191. This is my second Sony cybershot digital camera, although I have purchased Kodak Easy Shares for family members.  
192. This camera is perfect for the not-so-tech-wise consumer.  
193. I loved this lil pink camera for many years...so much so I wore the buttons off...I replaced it with a new one... but it had a sec delay n didn't alway capture the pic...This one when u. 
194. Bought it as a gift and the recipient was happy with ease of use and nice pictures for a quick,convenient,carry-around handy camera.
195. Prior to owning this camera, I didn't have a digital camera.  
196. This camera gets my vote for Best Bang for your buck!!
197. After almost 4 years owning the P100, I decided it was time to get a new camera, mostly because my husband and I had been sharing it and sometimes we both need it. 
198. I am very happy with this camera and I am hoping it will last for many many years!
199. I purchased the camera solely because of its high Consumer Report rating.  
200. It is a great little camera. 
201. I would definitely recommend this great little camera.
202. I bought this cammera almost a year ago and it has been awesome...one of my favorite things about the camera is the beach setting. 
203. Besides that I love this camera...it is tiny so it fits anywhere...it is durable (trust me i have dropped it several times)...and the battery stays charged for long periods of time.
204. Although it is a small camera, the viewing window is quite large and it has quite a bit of memory storage.  
205. This camera is compact, simple to use, and "cute" too! 
206. The screen is huge and when you change the camera setting, a prompt appears that tells you what lighting/situation that particular setting is best used for...right there on the screen (then of course it fades away so you can see your subject).  
207. I just got this & its a great camera, nice & small to just throw in my bag & go. 
208. I take alot of pictures of my kids & this camera takes great action pictures of the kids.Great camera at a great price !!
209. I take alot of pictures of my kids & this camera takes great action pictures of the kids.Great camera at a great price !!
210. This camera is amazing for its size and cost! 
211. Well, the whole camera didn't die, but the screen finally cracked. 
212. To see excellent examples of what this camera can do, I have posted the pictures I have taken with it on this site: [...]If you are a beginning amateur photographer, I highly recommend this camera or something like it.
213. I received this camera as a Christmas gift several years ago and loved it. 
214. The battery life was average, but not too bad.I just replaced this camera with the 14.1 megapixel cybershot after it was ruined at a concert, and love the new camera as well. 
215. The battery life was average, but not too bad.I just replaced this camera with the 14.1 megapixel cybershot after it was ruined at a concert, and love the new camera as well. 
216. This was an awesome model camera though, and I have many fantastic photos and videos thanks to it. 
217. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a simple to use, high quality camera.
218. This camera is fantastic. 
219. My husband wanted my old camera for work and said I could pick a new one that was under $200. 
220. Bought this for my wife because she wanted a nice new small camera. 
221. Specifically, the camera rates high on ease of use, quality of photographs, and very high quality of videos.  
222. I will give Sony Customer Service a call on this.Serious photographers beware, this is a point and shoot camera only, the only manual setting is ISO. 
223. The flash is deceptively powerful, so it can be a bit overpowering when shooting a close subject.Although small, the camera is easy to hold and operate and the buttons are laid out in an easy to use manner.  
224. The viewfinder is invaluable in bright light when the LCD display is hard to see, a nice feature in a camera at this price.  
225. The menu is easy to use also and seems to be very similar to the Nikon SLR menu.If you are looking for a point and shoot, compact, easy to use camera with very good quality images and attractively priced, consider this one.  
226. Also a thumbs up to Amazon, both on price and speed of shipment (I selected free shipping and received the camera in 5 days during holiday season).Addendum: 6/9/08  The camera broke and had to be returned to Sony.  
227. The macro function is certainly better than professional camera's in a lot of circumstances!
228. Camera and case are good. 
229. The camera is so slim and handy I  use it way more that I thought. 
230. This is the best camera I've ever owned. 
231. Memory cards are easy to come by and work great.The absolute only thing wrong with this camera is that the screen is very large and thus very easily scratched.I use the camera to take photos for my home business, to videotape my friends, to take photos of me and my friends, and to take photos on trips. 
232. My daughter wanted a new camera for college.  
233. This camera does take good pictures at times.HOWEVER, there is no option to add a date stamp, which is very important to me.  
234. The Sony Cybershot is a great camera. 
235. i can't figure it out. but whatever. it's a cool camera! 
236. This is the best digital camera I have ever owned. 
237. It is a easy to use camera for taking  photos of the family.  
238. The reviews for this camera were great, but after a few rounds of photos, I found the Sony Cybershot DSCW55 very disapointing.  
239. Also, the camera changes modes with very little effort, so that when you pull it out of the case it may very well have gone from auto to ISO or even video, and you have missed the shot.
240. I am a casual camera user. 
241. I do not think I take the BEST care of my electronics, but I am pretty sure this camera did this on it's own.  
242. Its a great camera. 
243. I am careful to hold camera still focusing on the subject, holding the shutter half way down first before centering the pictures so I can't imagine its me. 
244. despite its size that is kinda big and bulky(well for me yes..because i used to own an ultra small pentax optio), but this camera has a little to no weight at all! 
245. Finally a great camera that takes great shots!! 
246. This is my 2nd Sony W55 camera. 
247. My first digital camera was also a cybershot but it was a 3.2mp (i forgot which model) It was a good camera, however, not great at close up shots, and evening pics. 
248. My first digital camera was also a cybershot but it was a 3.2mp (i forgot which model) It was a good camera, however, not great at close up shots, and evening pics. 
249. Sony has yet to prove me wrong that a good camera can last longer than 3 years!!! 
250. If you do ebay, as I used to in the past, this is a GREAT camera for that!!! 
251. Anyhow, for the price, this is really a great camera. 
252. I have tiny hands and this camera is still a little smaller than my hands so it's perfect for me!
253. Excelent camera, easy to managment, friendly and take excelent pictures. 
254. This camera is an excellent value for money. 
255. its a good camera. pretty durable too. dropped mine twice and pics are still good.
256. The quality of the camera is very good and is good looking. 
257. Okay, I will be honest, I picked this camera because it was PINK and I loved the color. 
258. It is my first digital camera and Iam shocked how easy and beautiful the photos are! 
259. Is a good camera for me. 
260. I was looking for a decent camera that was thin enough to put in my purse or pocket.  
261. I love this little camera.  
262. The Sony is a solid camera and appears to be manufactured well.  
263. The teacher of the class took a few minutes to discuss what kind of camera you can take with you when you do not want to lug all of your full size SLR camera gear. 
264. The camera he used was this same Sony DSCW55 digi camera. 
265. The camera he used was this same Sony DSCW55 digi camera. 
266. The teacher mentioned that the most important part of any camera is the Lens.....not the mega pixel rating. 
267. As you are probably aware this particular camera uses a lens made by Carl Zeiss. 
268. I bought this camera the following weekend.One year later I am still very pleased with the camera. 
269. I bought this camera the following weekend.One year later I am still very pleased with the camera. 
270. You may also mix video with photos on the same card as well.As far as picture quality goes, I feel it takes pictures Equal to or greater than cameras of a much higher pixel rating...in fact it almost takes as good of a photo as my $1200.00 canon DSLR set up.If you are looking for a small camera that takes great photos, has a great video feature, a good battery life, and is very durable. 
271. The Sony Cybershot is my 6th digital camera and for the price it offers quite a lot of quality features in a small package.Pros:  *Palm size and lightweight, making it very portable.
272. *Tripod mountable, useful when you want the camera to actas a camcorder, or when filming long events.Cons:  *The sleek brushed metal case of the camera makes it alittle slippery, so be sure to use the wrist strap!
273. *Tripod mountable, useful when you want the camera to actas a camcorder, or when filming long events.Cons:  *The sleek brushed metal case of the camera makes it alittle slippery, so be sure to use the wrist strap!
274. This is quite a handy little camera, easy enough for a beginner to use with its on screen directions and intuitive buttons and offering good performance in a small package to satisfy most casual users.
275. I bought it on sale on amazon for an amazing price, and it is a very nice camera. 
276. I purchased this for myself and even after all these years the camera works great. 
277. I REPEAT 2 HOURS of total use.. the camera's LCD STARTED SHOWING LINES ON THE SCREEN.. 
278. I bought the underwater housing for it that is available from Sony and have had a lot of fun taking underwater photos and videos with this little camera. 
279. My only complaint is that the zoom is so minimal, at 3x, but I take this camera along with a powerful DSLR with a zoom lens, so I don't need zoom capability. 
280. So far the camera has been amazing.  
281. The camera has pretty nice functions.  
282. Great little camera, I recommend it anyone that takes pictures. 
283. This is a fantastic little camera - especially for point and shoot users who just want a camera to take snapshots and is not interested in becoming a rocket scientist in order to learn how to operate the camera.  
284. I found this camera to be easy to learn the features and i'm near 70 years old.
285. To get to the small size of this camera, both the battery and the memory card needed to be much smaller than earlier models. 
286. With the W55 in ISO mode you at least have a chance of a decent photo under these conditions.Camera recovery time and turn on time have been tremendously improved over past generation cameras.  
287. I think this is a great basic camera that takes quick shots and is very easy to use!
288. The camera also has many settings to meet all your needs, from taking pictures outside, in the snow, or at the beach. 
289. I highly reccomend this camera and it is very easy to use.
290. You dont need to know anything about taking shots, using its automatic settings you get a VERY NICE picture...It have everything you want in a digital camera, the movie quality is also very nice!!
291. I love this camera, very easy to use...the pictures have come out great.  
292. this was a perfect size, color and shape for me.it takes great pictures and videos and i learn something new everyday about how to use it since am not good with reading directions.the buttons take time to get used to since their small but thats not a big deal.this is my first camera and am having a great experience.
293. This is my first digital camera and i really don't have any complains about it... 
294. As saying this is my first digital camera i really don't have much room for comparison, but this camera works wonders. 
295. EXCELLENT QUALITY CAMERA.  
296. This camera takes beautiful pics in every type of light, too! 
297. The camera is a convenient size, the video quality is pretty good, but the noise is far more than I would expect from a Sony. 
298. This camera has huge amounts of noise above the 200 ISO, in certain colors. 
299. I can't recommend the camera, as I now wish I had spent more money to get a more useful camera for real world photography.
300. This camera was built to last and has all the features on it anybody really needs to shoot pictures of their family.
301. (Something very irrelevant, becasue you'll need to purchase a separate Memory card if you plan on taking more then 15 - 20 pictures).The feel of the camera itself is sturdy aluminum (it could handle a few mishaps) exept for the plastic battery/memory cover with feels kinda flimsy and cheap.Its small and lightweight, and easy to fit in your pocket.Overall a nice mainstream camera, great for the casual user, as it doesn't require much practice to take nice clean shots.
302. (Something very irrelevant, becasue you'll need to purchase a separate Memory card if you plan on taking more then 15 - 20 pictures).The feel of the camera itself is sturdy aluminum (it could handle a few mishaps) exept for the plastic battery/memory cover with feels kinda flimsy and cheap.Its small and lightweight, and easy to fit in your pocket.Overall a nice mainstream camera, great for the casual user, as it doesn't require much practice to take nice clean shots.
303. This camera is by far the best I ever had.It's small, light, has a very nice design and is very easy to use. 
304. I spent several months determining which camera to purchase. 
305. What a great camera!  
306. My husband bought me this same camera, but with 6.1 megapixels.  
307. The cyber shot digital camera by Sony is a great camera. 
308. The cyber shot digital camera by Sony is a great camera. 
309. The camera can take so many amazing out standing photos that has been great to show family and friends. 
310. This camera is great for anyone who loves taking photos or who just wants to remember their memories.The settings on this camera are hard to figure out at first but as you play with camera more it becomes easier and a lot more fun to have. 
311. This camera is great for anyone who loves taking photos or who just wants to remember their memories.The settings on this camera are hard to figure out at first but as you play with camera more it becomes easier and a lot more fun to have. 
312. This camera is great for anyone who loves taking photos or who just wants to remember their memories.The settings on this camera are hard to figure out at first but as you play with camera more it becomes easier and a lot more fun to have. 
313. The camera may be a small little device but it stores a lot of pictures and videos. 
314. It also has a small memory stick that holds a lot of pictures and videos so there is twice the storage.This camera is not only tiny but is very lightweight. 
315. I truly believe this camera is one of the best digital cameras out today.
316. It's a great camera and it's pink. 
317. The camera takes great pictures, it very easy to use I love it.
318. I'm going to make a long story short and try to skip the long winded reasons why this camera is great.  
319. Recently I have been looking to buy a new camera to REPLACE this one.  
320. Curiosity had me finding this page as I was curious to the price tag this camera had on it (finding that it hasn't changed much at all)...Anyway, I've had this particular model of camera for almost five (yes, 5) years.. 
321. My friends daughter broke my original, my husand and I both loved it so much that I bought two used ones for both him and me 4-years ago and we're still using the same camera's.  
322. Surely, I got over this, and now think of our very old, outdated camera as clunky and overweight.This camera has a very nice design, is pleasing the eye, small enough to carry in a somewhat large pocket, but big enough to feel like you're actually holding a camera.And the best part? 
323. Surely, I got over this, and now think of our very old, outdated camera as clunky and overweight.This camera has a very nice design, is pleasing the eye, small enough to carry in a somewhat large pocket, but big enough to feel like you're actually holding a camera.And the best part? 
324. Surely, I got over this, and now think of our very old, outdated camera as clunky and overweight.This camera has a very nice design, is pleasing the eye, small enough to carry in a somewhat large pocket, but big enough to feel like you're actually holding a camera.And the best part? 
325. Else, this camera is perfect. 
326. I wish this camera was weatherproof like my Olympus.
327. It's a very good compact camera, easy to carry and easy to use, and reasonably priced - so most people will be happy with it.Not much has changed from the W50, which in this case is a good thing!
328. A fully closed one might help resist rain and splashes a little, too.You'll also want to get a Memory Stick Pro Duo card - Pro cards are faster, and you need the smaller Duo size with this camera. 
329. Any reasonable person will be very happy with the pictures from the W55, given the size of it.The camera will be a little slow and often take disappointing pictures in low light and dark situations.  
330. Realistically, no ultra-compact camera will work really well in that situation - if you need that often, think about something with a bigger lens and bigger sensor. 
331. Good light always gives the best pictures with any camera. 
332. There are limits to what you can currently expect from any ultracompact camera.The W55 offers enough controls (through the scene modes and the Program mode) to allow a fair amount of control over the pictures, for an automatic camera.The charger is fairly compact and rated 100-240V, so while you'll need a plug adapter overseas you won't need a voltage converter. 
333. There are limits to what you can currently expect from any ultracompact camera.The W55 offers enough controls (through the scene modes and the Program mode) to allow a fair amount of control over the pictures, for an automatic camera.The charger is fairly compact and rated 100-240V, so while you'll need a plug adapter overseas you won't need a voltage converter. 
334. The battery charger is a little slow, though probably OK.Keep this camera charged and handy, and you'll find you take a lot of pictures because it's easy to carry and easy to use!
335. I have lots of other Soney products, so I decided to give this little camera a try.I trust Soney made a good choice bringing us this little beauty! 
336. This is an excellent camera for anyone on vacation or everyday use.  
337. Of course, you won't be able to take distant landscape pictures in dark conditions but that's something you only expect from a very high end photographer's camera anyway.  
338. I have mixed feelings about this camera.The build is great, looks elegant and almost has a jewelery feel to it.The user interface is well designed and logical.The power and playback buttons can be a bit small and flat, but they are very responsive.Battery life is amazing.Image wise, I like how this camera captures color - rich without being overly saturated.With that said, comparing this camera to, say, Lumix FX or Powershot, one notices that images produced by this camera is not as sharp, especially when pixel peeps at 100%. 
339. I have mixed feelings about this camera.The build is great, looks elegant and almost has a jewelery feel to it.The user interface is well designed and logical.The power and playback buttons can be a bit small and flat, but they are very responsive.Battery life is amazing.Image wise, I like how this camera captures color - rich without being overly saturated.With that said, comparing this camera to, say, Lumix FX or Powershot, one notices that images produced by this camera is not as sharp, especially when pixel peeps at 100%. 
340. I have mixed feelings about this camera.The build is great, looks elegant and almost has a jewelery feel to it.The user interface is well designed and logical.The power and playback buttons can be a bit small and flat, but they are very responsive.Battery life is amazing.Image wise, I like how this camera captures color - rich without being overly saturated.With that said, comparing this camera to, say, Lumix FX or Powershot, one notices that images produced by this camera is not as sharp, especially when pixel peeps at 100%. 
341. I have an old Fuji F10 which does not have IS either, it is easier to obtain non-blurry pics from the Fuji (granted, the Fuji F series are known for taken low light pictures).On the plus side, when you do get a good picture, this camera has less noise at ISO200-400 comparing to Lumix or Powershot.All in all, this is a decent camera for taking everyday shots. 
342. I have an old Fuji F10 which does not have IS either, it is easier to obtain non-blurry pics from the Fuji (granted, the Fuji F series are known for taken low light pictures).On the plus side, when you do get a good picture, this camera has less noise at ISO200-400 comparing to Lumix or Powershot.All in all, this is a decent camera for taking everyday shots. 
343. But if you want a camera for a particular environment such as indoor lowlight or fast moving objects, I believe there are better options out there.
344. This camera is ideal for family memories - love it!
345. The song Cybershot has a range of anything from seven millimeter, which assures the best quality of the picture and e-mail size which as crisp and clear but still captures the moment all the same.This camera is not only just a camera, it is also a  video camera. 
346. Almost all the people I took photos of with this camera had red eyes, the flash was so very bright, that I really blinded them.  
347. And overall it just didn't look good on the photos.This camera does take excellent movies even in the same situations that it didn't take good photos in.  
348. I made a big mistake buying this camera.
349. I really love my first digital camera! 
350. I don't think I could ask for a better camera.  
351. There are cheaper cameras but if you want to get a camera, get a good one, that doesn't mean it has to be expensive, but in my opinion you get what you pay for. 
352. I was quoted $150 to repair it, and instead opted to buy the same model again because it took great photos and thinking the first camera was a lemon.  
353. Six months into owning the 2nd camera, the lens quit ejecting. 
354. In addition to cheap plastic parts on the sides, this will be my last Sony camera.
355. The camera is very sensitive so I say be wary of this purchase but I know that I will not purchase another sony camera ever . 
356. The camera is very sensitive so I say be wary of this purchase but I know that I will not purchase another sony camera ever . 
357. I love the simplicity of my new camera.  
358. Great camera
359. I have used this camera on several occasions since I purchased it. 
360. For the price, this is a great little camera.  
361. Would be the PERFECT camera if you could just use AA batteries.
362. Absolutely magnificent camera.was bought as a Christmas present and is probably the best camera anyone can find for the money.I'd recommend this camera to anyone looking for a digital camera and actually taking great pictures.
363. Absolutely magnificent camera.was bought as a Christmas present and is probably the best camera anyone can find for the money.I'd recommend this camera to anyone looking for a digital camera and actually taking great pictures.
364. Absolutely magnificent camera.was bought as a Christmas present and is probably the best camera anyone can find for the money.I'd recommend this camera to anyone looking for a digital camera and actually taking great pictures.
365. This is the 3rd digital camera that I've owned, but by far the easiest to use and takes the best picture's.  
366. expensive battery ... delivery of effortless  & decent quality picture ... fits well those users who would content w/ a stylish camera having a solid build and a view finder
367. I bought this camera for an international trip.  
368. It worked as expected.Things I loved:- Video mode for capturing sound and the "feel" of a place- ISO 1000 non-flash mode- EXIF data included in JPG files- Fantastic battery life - I took 300+ photos daily and the battery barely dropped below 90% capacity (recharge nightly for heavy use days)- Form factor- Automatic focus works almost every time- easy zoom switchChanges I'd make:- Stiffer "mode wheel" - it was changed easily when putting the camera in my pocket- higher ISO modes - 1000 wasn't high enough to capture the night Chinese New Years parade in Kowloon China. 
369. I have lots of blurry images.- include a mode that prevents digital zoom - limit it to optical zoom capabilities - Found this setting in the menu while in Costa Rica.- motorized lens cover and zoom; seems this will be the first thing to break- Menu isn't intuitive to me - seems the menu is one of the best in the digital camera world. 
370. Their photos required a 2 second exposure and a steady hand.BTW, this camera produces grainy photos at ISO 1000.
371. This is a very fine camera and is ver resonable in cost. 
372. I suggest this to anyone who needs a wonderful camera.
373. as always SONY made an excellent product, this camera isn't only pretty, but light and with an amazing resolution, the images come clear and very beautiful, it brings 54MB memory in the cam, so you can take about 22 good quality pictures.
374. I so happy  with this buy.I had never bought anything used for fear of seeing the product in bad shape.Today I changed my mind, ordered this camera and came as new to me.I am satisfied with my camera it  was a perfect purchase.I will order used stuff in the future.Thanks amazon I got my camera on time  :)
375. I so happy  with this buy.I had never bought anything used for fear of seeing the product in bad shape.Today I changed my mind, ordered this camera and came as new to me.I am satisfied with my camera it  was a perfect purchase.I will order used stuff in the future.Thanks amazon I got my camera on time  :)
376. It was my search for this item that led me to my favorite website, and I found the camera with an excellent offer. 
377. It is truely a ready to shoot camera, where I don't have to an expert to use.  
378. It will be my main camera from this point forward.  
379. I have owned this camera for a few months and have taken pictures in all kinds of conditions and even a few videos and all have been excellent to very good quality. 
380. I found this camera very easy to understand and use. 
381. This is vastly superior to the previous digital camera I had (a Canon, I think).  
382. This camera is wonderful in most ways, compact, price, color, quality photos, and comes with it's own battery pack with wall charger. 
383. This camera has great resolution for a 7-megapixel and is so compact! 
384. this is a good camera but the quality of the video recorded with this camera is not really good.
385. this is a good camera but the quality of the video recorded with this camera is not really good.

negative sentences : 
1. For a camera that has been replaced bu other newer cameras this camera is very powerful, and Sony should look at engineering a newer more powerful camera.  
2. For a camera that has been replaced bu other newer cameras this camera is very powerful, and Sony should look at engineering a newer more powerful camera.  
3. I received the wrong camera, and it was broken when i received it, needless to say i had to return it.
4. I am very unhappy with this camera.  
5. It turns out, this camera takes terrible pictures.  
6. Crappy camera, crappy warranty I think I'll pass.
7. This camera is terrible!!  
8. The different settings are like every other camera but easier to use. 
9. I am so disappointed with this camera, most of the pictures are grainy, especially inside pictures. 
10. Not sure if that's the camera or the beer. 
11. I assumed I was too rough on that camera and thought I would try a new one and be more careful with it.  
12. a camera very versatile and easy to use with many additional tools that maximize their operation
13. We bought this camera to replace a cheap 3 mp Kodak easy shot, I wish I still had that camera.  
14. It is less bulky and more features than my previous camera.  
15. I purchased this camera to snap off some photos when I moved to Vancouver for school (I left my other camera on the other side of the country) and it's one of the worst mistakes I've ever made.When it's not taking blown out white pictures or pitch black images, it's snapping off blurry or orange tinted images.I brought my first one back for another one- the same problem!
16. This is possibly the worst camera I've ever used (and that says a lot)
17. I carefully researched and compared before I bought this camera - my 1st digital. 
18. This makes it hard to compare cameras, even within the Sony brand, and makes you feel as if your camera is obsolete the minute you buy it.3. 
19. A problem with this camera, given it is so small -- do not shake. 
20. The big fault I have with the camera is that it feels cheap and plastic!  
21. From "no flash" board meetings action shots this camera continues to impress me.It is not the world's greatest camera for macro shots but with a little patience I normally get the shot.  
22. Long distance and sports shots are not that great but that should not be the focus of this camera for most people.People shots, posed pics are outstanding even though I truly hate fake pics this little camera delivers those with the greatest of ease.  
23. Long distance and sports shots are not that great but that should not be the focus of this camera for most people.People shots, posed pics are outstanding even though I truly hate fake pics this little camera delivers those with the greatest of ease.  
24. I loaded a 4GB memory card in the camera but always download my pics to computer daily.If you can find one of these buy it because most people will have no clue how good this  camera works and the quality of pictures it takes.
25. As I say in mi heading, I am realy satisfied with my camera, it is more than I expected, it is confortable and easy to carry, also to use it. 
26. Plus it's easier to use than any other digital camera I've tried and it has all the features you would want. 
27. So I'm being shipped a broken camera.I'll simply shop around for another one, certainly not a Sony. 
28. This camera took worse pictures than my old 3.1 MP camera, every picture came out grainy looking, poor focus control. 
29. This camera took worse pictures than my old 3.1 MP camera, every picture came out grainy looking, poor focus control. 
30. With a little practice, anyone can take award-winning pictures with this camera!  
31. Then, I brought the camera to the beach and the lens would not stay open-- the camera would read &#34;access, please power on and power off&#34;. 
32. I just bought the Sony Cybershot DSCW55 camera the other day to replace my Sony Cybershot DSC-P200, purchased in January 2006, which has already been discontinued.  
33. my daughter got this sony camera for xmas and just LOVES it. so eazy to use. she is in leadership for school and is incharge of spirit days. this requires her to take,print,and arrange many different pictures and she does this all by herself. i highly recommend this camera
34. Iam not a computer person, nor into high tech gadgets but this camera  is the best investment that i could have ever gotten.
35. On the picture the camera looks great. but i do not like plastic cover i prefer metal one. 
36. Infact the results are as good as any other expensive sony cybershot camera.
37. The one thing that this camera lacks is capturing in dark situations. 
38. I bought this camera for my teenage daughter for Christmas.  
39. Part of the reason I bought this camera was due to reviews on this site while I researched different cameras in my price range. 
40. I recommend a 2 gig memory card because you are going to want to shoot videos as well as photographs.There are some annoying vertical blue lines that appear on some videos and I am not sure if the camera has a defect or this is a problem with lens design in certain lighting conditions.  
41. I bought this camera becuase it was a great camera and not too expensive. 
42. I bought this camera becuase it was a great camera and not too expensive. 
43. It's not a really simple camera...but besides all of that, the thing i didn't like about it is that you can't zoom while videotaping. 
44. For what you're buying these days, 200 dollars isn't so bad for a camera like this. 
45. The majority of the photos from this camera come out blurry.  
46. I have used this camera 3 times for indoor shots and every photo has been blurry to some degree. 
47. Probably due to the fact that most of the housing of the camera is made of metal not plastic.One very nice surprise with this camera is the video function. 
48. First of all, I would just like to say that the camera feels cheap.. the buttons are made of cheap breakable plastic. 
49. I see there are many positive reviews for this camera, which I have had for a year or so. 
50. Duos come in up to 8GB sizes.The camera is not backward compatable with the Memory Stick or Memory Stick Pro.  
51. I mention this because all my life I see people taking flash photos when the subject is many feet away - this simply does not work because small camera flash is timed with the shutter out to only 10 or 15 feet.  
52. The picture quality is just anverage/semi-high quality for this type of camera, which is more than enough for the average user. 
53. Many had sent their cameras to Sony to fix it and Sony says it was unfixable and gave the customers no accommodations for a camera that broke with less than 2 years of use.  
54. I need to get a new camera now and I though I loved the quality of the pictures, I am afraid of getting another dud from Sony.
55. I hope to enjoy this camera for a couple of more years before upgrading.
56. I would say that this camera does everything that every other camera does and it is almost the same as any other point and shoot camera. 
57. I would say that this camera does everything that every other camera does and it is almost the same as any other point and shoot camera. 
58. I would say that this camera does everything that every other camera does and it is almost the same as any other point and shoot camera. 
59. Great little camera, user friendly, love the styling and blue colour, battery lasts for ages, great storage capacity, large lcd screen, overall fantastic little camera, value for money. 
60. Great little camera, user friendly, love the styling and blue colour, battery lasts for ages, great storage capacity, large lcd screen, overall fantastic little camera, value for money. 
61. By fiddling around a little you will stumble upon many scene selections that you camera has. 
62. This camera eliminates the hassle of using a disposable camera and never knowing how the picture will turn out. 
63. However, the clarity I was looking for did not materialise with the 7.2 MP claim. a previous Sony camera with a 4-5 MP specification was not bad compared with this one. 
64. Also, I have never had a problem with taking blurry photos in the past, and nearly all of the photos I took with this camera came out with at least 1/4 of the photo blurry.  
65. By default, I use 3, but for fine art, I'd like to change to 7 without diving into the full menu system.- Memory should be SD, not Sony memory stick- Plug for transfers should be USB, not proprietary- Battery charger should be over USB, not external or proprietaryMy next camera will:a) avoid the Sony memory stick-based cameras and go with a SD, Mini/MicroSD based solution for compatibility with my other portable devices (Nokia N800 Portable Internet Tablet) and built-in laptop ports.b) support higher ISO modes for better night time pictures without flashc) USB for charging and file transfersOk, I've traveled to Costa Rica and Argentina with this camera and have edited my prior review slightly.  
66. By default, I use 3, but for fine art, I'd like to change to 7 without diving into the full menu system.- Memory should be SD, not Sony memory stick- Plug for transfers should be USB, not proprietary- Battery charger should be over USB, not external or proprietaryMy next camera will:a) avoid the Sony memory stick-based cameras and go with a SD, Mini/MicroSD based solution for compatibility with my other portable devices (Nokia N800 Portable Internet Tablet) and built-in laptop ports.b) support higher ISO modes for better night time pictures without flashc) USB for charging and file transfersOk, I've traveled to Costa Rica and Argentina with this camera and have edited my prior review slightly.  
67. I'm adding 1 more item for my next camera - manual exposure control. 
68. After using other ready to shoot digital cameras, and not being happy with the quality of them, I was extremely happy to find this Sony camera. 
69. That's pretty impressive.Overall, I highly recommend this camera.
