
------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : songs, positive Score : 17 and negative Score :-4
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. You can only sync this device using Apple's proprietary iTunes software, there are many options which enable you to restrict what gets transferred to the iPod by rating, genre, playlists, or even only checked items - this is very useful if your collection exceeds the capacity of the iPod.Music: I can sync it with only my favorite songs (using the rating system within iTunes), and while.  
2. Am I going to have to do that whenever I add any new songs??
3. So I download itunes and put in some CD's and even bought a few songs but everytime I wanted to add new songs it seemed like I had to sync them all over again.  
4. So I download itunes and put in some CD's and even bought a few songs but everytime I wanted to add new songs it seemed like I had to sync them all over again.  
5. at least I can hook it up to my car stereo and just leave it in there permanently, that is one thing I under no circumstances could do with the Classic or Touch. and 8 gb should be enough for some 2000 songs or so, which if played back in sequence shoul be enough to cover a trip cross country diagonal.
6. It's small sleek and holds tons of songs & videos. 
7. +excellent sound quality+convenient speakers+able to hold lots of music+great features to search for songs in many ways+nice extras, like games, calculator, and time+very sleek+great screen and ability to fast forward or remind in a song (a feature not in the primitive iPods)-great compatability with iTunes-included case could be more useful, as in it would've been nice if you could listen to the music while in the case.
8. I lost several songs during the download and the music selection is way behind.
9. I've never had any problems with it, it scrolls while in my armband (the 4th gen I had didn't - had to take it out everytime), carries a large battery life, and has ample space for songs. 
10. Itunes is great because you can download songs, games, podcasts, audio books, films and tv shows.  
11. Still working on remembering all the songs I lost from the old one, lol. 
12. Easy to use and very easy to download songs.  
13. AND I LOVE THE LONG STUFF 6~10 MIN SONGS. 

negative sentences : 
1. So far I down loaded some songs but for some reason some of the songs are double on ipod.
2. it holds many songs, video and has an amazing battery life.
3. The playlists show how many songs you have in them. 
4. Adding songs from other people's libraries is a feat unto itself (careful not to erase all of your content!)

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : player, positive Score : 56 and negative Score :-12
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. This seems like a good player.  
2. The only reason I gave this player 2 stars is because it is a very nice looking, very portable player.  
3. I was hesistant on buying a new mp3 player, since my first one by Sandisk had horrible playback and was awkward to use. 
4. Downloading CD's, purchasing additional music, synching the Ipod were all a breeze.If you are looking for a very portable MP3 player to play a variety of music, the NANO is perfect. 
5. I looked for a long time at which MP3 player to get for my daughter and myself. 
6. If you're buying your first MP3 player ever, I definitely recommend the Nano.  
7. Having had an "off-brand" mp3 player for a while, this next generation iPod nano has been a really pleasant experience so far. 
8. Its a music player.I'd say the only downer is if you have an older Mac you'll have to updrade to OS X 10.4.8, I had to buy the newer OS and 10.4.8 is not much diffrent from what I had (10.3.9).  
9. I was considering buying a cheaper mp3 player by Panasonic for example but having been happy with the ipod so far I guess stick with what you know. 
10. The only reason I gave this player 2 stars is because it is a very nice looking, very portable player.  
11. So not only did I just buy the most expensive brand of mp3 player, but now I also have to spend over $500 to PURCHASE every single song I have as a subscription through Y!
12. I was a reluctant Nano purchaser because I could not find any other player that was best for what I wanted of it.I researched a lot before buying the Nano.  
13. very good music player fod music vedeos.this was a replace ment for a previous one.no problems had to upgrade for more storage.
14. The larger screen is an improvement, and it is much sharper. 4 stars3) The backlight can now be adjusted, and can be brighter or duller.4 stars4) The cover flow is awesome, yet if you have a lot of music, the album covers take a little time to load. 3 stars5) The player tends to freeze a little after extensive use. 
15. With this little dude, it's light, but might not be good for anybody with big hands or fingers.Before I received this iPod, I was using an MP3 Player and thought I could transfer my music directly from Window Media Player to my new iPod. 
16. In this product you get a beautiful well engineered mp3 player that is well thought out. 
17. Specifically what made me make this my first iPod ever was the fact that this is by far the most compact video player available, especially for one that can output to a TV or projector.  
18. If there's anybody looking for an awesome mp3 player,they should give this one a shot!
19. The new nano really stands out as a solid flash-based media player that has surpassed its predecessor in features and ease of use.
20. Even though i got mine in gray its more updated than a cd player the down side is mine doesnt have a charger i purchased mine from the woodlands hope all goes great!!!!! 
21. The followings are the features that I really like;* Very slim in dimensions* Light wieght* Long battery life* Sound clarity* Friendly to use* Affordable price* Clear display* Has plenty of accessoriesIt's simply the best music player I ever had.
22. I have had the 3G iPod Nano for about a year and I love it--I recently got an iPhone 3G but I'm still carrying around my Nano because it does one thing really well--it is an excellent mp3 player.  
23. It's also small enough that you can use if for exercise and never even realize you're wearing it.Bottom line...if you're going to buy an MP3 player, either as a gift or for yourself, don't try to get cute and think other brands are going to offer a better product for less money.  
24. For the small size of the Nano itself, the screen is a very nice size, and it's super clear, bright and produces excellent color.The audio quality is pretty much what's expected of a portable MP3 player, which is good, but won't blow you away.The only reason(s) I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is that the Sansa had FM radio and a record option that would record both radio broadcast, as well as using the built-in microphone to record speech, or other sounds.  
25. After having bought a Sansa MP3 player last year which did have video, I thought it was better than the 2nd generation Nano...which it was...until it crapped out on us.Then, the 3rd generation Nano comes out, with video, and I was sold.The video quality on this is really quite amazing.  
26. This is the 1st iPod I've ever owned, but the features are superlative in comparison to my old mp3 player and I rate it a 10+.If used manually, the wheel can be a bit touchy until you get accustomed to it, but I have mine docked in the JBL Radial and use the remote.To download music from an existing CD in your collection is a breeze.  
27. Overall, it is a good MP3 player with a nice compact design easy for transport.
28. Equalizer customization is very limited, but the factory defaults are set very good, sound comes out full and rich (at least as good as a flash MP3 player can).  
29. After several MP3 players, I have finally grown frustrated with Microsoft's kinks with their Media Player software and the incessant troubleshooting of their poorly managed DRM music files.  
30. But as a music player the Nano is great--I hope to be carrying mine well into the future.
31. Video looks surprisingly good for the size.Overall i love this ipod, it's REALLY small, its cute, and it does everything I'd want on an 8GB music player. 
32. The picture quality is gorgeous, reminiscent of an iPhone.The new Nano features a 24-hour battery life when used as a music player, and a 5-hour battery life when watching video, so you can watch at least a couple of full-length movies on a full charge. 
33. If you can find a better player anywhere, please tell me, I would like to know.
34. I thought that I would get eyestrain watching such a tiny screen, but the quality of the iPod's screen is so detailed that your eyes trick you into thinking you're watching your video on a bigger screen, and iPod games look great on this player.I must mention that there are several downsides that you should know before buying this otherwise great system:1. 
35. Very nice player i would recommend that you get one, if you can find one lol
36. The iPod Nano 3rd gen is still a nice MP3 player. 
37. the player is small but sturdy, and just right for the kids. the nav pad is the only issue that i have with it. it just is not consistent enough to not be aggravating. the price/GB ratio is fairly even, the upgrades and accesories are ample. the itunes player for the PC is easy to get and easy to use. all in all, the best player you can get at the price point.
38. the player is small but sturdy, and just right for the kids. the nav pad is the only issue that i have with it. it just is not consistent enough to not be aggravating. the price/GB ratio is fairly even, the upgrades and accesories are ample. the itunes player for the PC is easy to get and easy to use. all in all, the best player you can get at the price point.
39. the player is small but sturdy, and just right for the kids. the nav pad is the only issue that i have with it. it just is not consistent enough to not be aggravating. the price/GB ratio is fairly even, the upgrades and accesories are ample. the itunes player for the PC is easy to get and easy to use. all in all, the best player you can get at the price point.
40. I like the ipod brand/name, so when i decided to get my daughter a new mp3 player, it had to be ipod.  

negative sentences : 
1. Unlike with any other mp3 player, I've previously own  - I can't just drag and drop content from Explorer.  
2. This one problem makes me wish for something more...plus iTunes delivers purchased video at 640X480, without the option to scale down to the pixel density of the player, allowing you to cram more video onto an already cramped storage space.
3. Good Ipod, but freezes all the time, after that you need to reset it, overall is a good music player but not very reliable
4. I haven't had a problem with it so far and I really do think this is worth your money if you want to replace an old ipod, or if you want to switch to Apple Ipod from a different music player. 
5. I have only started to use the many capabilities of this player, but am excited about all the others.  
6. The only way I found to unfreeze the player is to do a hard reset. 
7. It is practical, stylish, has all the features you would need in a music player and more.
8. But, before you click that button, I must warn you that it will erase all of your settings (except the time and date) and all of the high-scores and accounts on your games.I know that all of these "downsides" sound like I'm trying to discourage you, but I still give the Nano a 5-star rating because, in spite of all of these little bugs and disadvantages (which aren't all that difficult to deal with), the Apple 3rd Gen. iPod Nano is still, at the end of the day, one of the best (if not the best) music player on the market today. 
9. I am very dissapointed in the refresh of the Nano, form factor is horrible and who needs video in a 8GB player or less.  
10. The same song will play fine in iTunes (on the computer) and in every other device and .mp3 player, only the Nano chokes on it.Apple's helpdesk advises only one thing. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : screen, positive Score : 86 and negative Score :-5
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I was bummed out when about 1 month after purchasing my ipod nano it stopped playing and the screen went funny, but it was really easy to fix.  
2. The screen is somewhat smaller than I would like but I still find it easy on the eyes when viewing movies or tv shows.  
3. I had the ipod classic, but decided it was to bulky for the gym, so i bout the nano, thinking it would be used mostly for music, but after loading 1 music video I was amazed, the screen is so clear, it looks as large as the classic while your watching it, so realizing i only had 8g to play with, i wanted to see what I could do with it, I re compressed video that was already converted for the ipod classic, it can be done with visual hub, or i squint, ( free ) on the mac , videora( Free ) on the pc , the movies were about 200mb each, so in the end i had,5 movies, about 2hrs each,3 Music play lists, about a hundred songs each,28 music videos,5 TV shows about 45min each16 Pictures29 Pod casts, Audio and Videoall my addresses and phone numbers3 built in games + 2 purchasedand 353.8mb to spare,and the battery lasts all day, unlike my classic, that requires a car charger and a wall plug to get me through the day,it also has a full calendar through next year, tells the time and works as a stop watch, and with the a simple belkin silicon case on, feels like a silver dollar in your pocket, and yes I've dropped it, saved twice because its so lite it hung from the headphone cord, never touching the ground, and again nocked off the tread mill onto the floor, without a scratch, and no screen guard, i love it.
4. The screen is larger and brighter, so it's easier to read. 
5. The screen is 2" which is small for viewing long periods of video but for short stretches like 30 minutes its great. 
6. The added features like the video, I really don't understand how you could watch videos on that tiny screen. 
7. I carry it around in my pocket or hang it around my neck at the gym and the sound is fantastic.Its screen is impossible to scratch. 
8. Also, the split screen is ok, it's nice eye candy, but I use this for working out and mountain biking, im not going to be needing that. 
9. The screen is big and bright, the battery life is excellent, and the music sounds good.The video feature is nice to have, though 8 gigs and the small screen are not conducive to watching feature length movies or even TV shows. 
10. The screen is big and bright, the battery life is excellent, and the music sounds good.The video feature is nice to have, though 8 gigs and the small screen are not conducive to watching feature length movies or even TV shows. 
11. It has a nice sized screen, which is larger than the previous one. 
12. The screen is beautiful.  
13. I did notice a few times that the coverflow artwork did take a second to load the image as I was scrolling, but this seems to go away after a few times.The "split" screen from the menu that randomly shows some of your album art is very cool, since the half screen can't show a whole album cover it pans across the album art randomly, the cover that is show is random as well.Very cool.Last item, some people will rant about how the 8 GB Nano is on $50 bucks less than the 80 GB Classic. 
14. I did notice a few times that the coverflow artwork did take a second to load the image as I was scrolling, but this seems to go away after a few times.The "split" screen from the menu that randomly shows some of your album art is very cool, since the half screen can't show a whole album cover it pans across the album art randomly, the cover that is show is random as well.Very cool.Last item, some people will rant about how the 8 GB Nano is on $50 bucks less than the 80 GB Classic. 
15. It's really light and the screen was big enough for me.  
16. i just got my new nano a few days ago and i don't have any complaints except for the cover flow. i'm gonna need to spend a bit of time to get that organized so every single song is under an album cover, but it's not that important, it's more for show. also, the back is the polished stainless steel, so i put clear packaging tape on it (as a cheap cover) to prevent scratches since i just throw it in my backpack. i can't find any cases that i like, but it's only been out since September 5 this will have to do until i can get a hold of a clear plastic case. i love the large screen so i won't have to squint at the screen now (unlike what i had to do with the 1st and 2nd gen of nano)i had a sansa before for a couple of months, but i got sick of that! 
17. The screen is really nice, I like that. 
18. by now this is the latest addition of Apple IPOD to my collection. to be honest, as I already have a 160GB Classic and a 2GB (Nano 2nd Gen), i didn't really need it, but it being a gift, i didn't really mind. i wanted one that I could hook up with my Car stereo, and my Hon got this one from somewhere. it is a decent size, and not too expensive, contra my Classic, apart from the sentimental value, do land in the high cost end.right now I am carrying the ipod in my wallet, that goes in my back pocket, and so far no ill effects have been observed.compared to my previous ipods, the 2nd Gen Nano, it has the plus of Video capability and color and the size is more suitable for the pocket. as far as the CLassic is concerned, it is pretty much the exact same thing, except for the screen size and the storage capasity.the only drawback with the Ipods that i, along with the entire population of Ipod owners have observed is the cosmetique. the body is too acceptable to smudges and prints, and that is whether or not you inclose it in a case. i have my classic in silicon wrapper from day one, an last week i transfered it to a Belkin Hardcase, and the back side was all smudged and dirty.but for my condition, the option was a 32gb touch @ $350 or this 8gb Nano @ $0.00, so how difficult do you think the decision or choice was??? 
19. Also, I wish they had included an option to have that cover slide show thing go full screen instead of just half of it.
20. The larger screen is an improvement, and it is much sharper. 4 stars3) The backlight can now be adjusted, and can be brighter or duller.4 stars4) The cover flow is awesome, yet if you have a lot of music, the album covers take a little time to load. 3 stars5) The player tends to freeze a little after extensive use. 
21. I still don't know if I'd want to watch a full movie or TV show on this screen, but it's great for music videos, photos or short video clips.
22. Apple still leads the way for the easiest and most intuitive interface and controls, and the new screen is larger and gets better resolution than the prior generations.  
23. I love that the screen is large enough to watch video too.
24. Yes, the clock shows up while music is playing and the screen is idle, but there are also times when I'm not using the iPod but I just want to glance at it to get the time and it would be nice if I could do this with less menu navigation.If you're looking for a good case for the 3rd gen nano, I recommend this:Contour Design Showcase nano V3 (Clear w/ Black Accents)Some tips:If you ever experience problems with your iPod nano, first try resetting by holding the center button and menu button down simultaneously for a few seconds. 
25. The screen is crystal clear with such high resolution.The only complaint I have is there is just a tiny bit of "lag" as you scroll around and access the menu's and your music. 
26. But like I said before, the body and screen are just fine. 
27. The body and screen have held up very nicely, no major scratches on the screen or anything (except that one dented corner where I dropped it Day One, hah). 
28. But I like having a screen.I preferred the last generation device.
29. +excellent sound quality+convenient speakers+able to hold lots of music+great features to search for songs in many ways+nice extras, like games, calculator, and time+very sleek+great screen and ability to fast forward or remind in a song (a feature not in the primitive iPods)-great compatability with iTunes-included case could be more useful, as in it would've been nice if you could listen to the music while in the case.
30. I like the size and screen better than the new version. 
31. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
32. It is good when you pay money and you have something that you can use for long time without any problems.Battery life is amazing, sound quality perfect, screen also fine 320/240 it is standard for most portable multimedia devises which can play mpeg4 files. 
33. I think the new bulkier design and large screen aren't nearly as convenient or aesthetically pleasing as the previous Nano. 
34. The screen froze and normal reset methods didn't work.  
35. It now supports video, allowing you to watch your favorite TV shows and movies on the go, and it has a bigger and brighter screen than its 1st and 2nd gen predecessors.  
36. I don't find the click wheel a very satisfying controller for games--the touch screen on an iPod Touch or and iPhone is much more satisfying.  
37. And it's perfect for someone with a medium sized music collection like me--I can still carry around most of my music without having to worry about running out of space.I would not recommend the Nano for video viewing or games, because its screen is very small and hard to see.  
38. It's also nice that it has a screen (unlike the shuffle) which makes it easier to select music to listen to.  
39. So I would recommend getting some of those platic screen protectors because (surprise, surprise) the screen tends to scratch easily.I've noticed that these Amazon reviews tend to be a little confusing.  
40. For the small size of the Nano itself, the screen is a very nice size, and it's super clear, bright and produces excellent color.The audio quality is pretty much what's expected of a portable MP3 player, which is good, but won't blow you away.The only reason(s) I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is that the Sansa had FM radio and a record option that would record both radio broadcast, as well as using the built-in microphone to record speech, or other sounds.  
41. The Nano came with the distinctive white earbuds and they are ok, but I am using some sound isolating SONY earbuds which provide excellent sound from this Nano.Video:  The screen resolution is incredibly crisp and bright - it's amazing really.  
42. I don't really find what all the fuss about this album view thing is, while it is useful on a touch screen device like the Touch or the iPhone, it is pointless on the Nano or Classic. 
43. The screen is small, but the new "squatty" styling of the Nano permits a larger screen than the previous generation Nano.  
44. The screen is small, but the new "squatty" styling of the Nano permits a larger screen than the previous generation Nano.  
45. It is small enough to use for the gym and the screen is big enough to enjoy videos/movies/etc.  
46. The screen is 2" which is small for viewing long periods of video.Sound quality is not significant improved from previous models which I would say is really hard to do, just have a Bose speaker and the sound would be greater.Overall this device is an improvement with a sleek design.
47. It is everything Apple said would be, Color is great,screen size is good,look's like HD quality. 
48. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
49. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
50. Perhaps if they had made it clear in the pitch that a $50 cable would be required to play to TV, I would have still made the same choice, but as it is, I feel, you know, tricked.That issue aside, the nano is as cute as a button, and the little screen looks great. 
51. The screen is bright and crisp and you will fall in love with it the minute it lands in your hand.  
52. The screen is small and I don't recommend this device if you intend to watch shows and films.  
53. I thought that I would get eyestrain watching such a tiny screen, but the quality of the iPod's screen is so detailed that your eyes trick you into thinking you're watching your video on a bigger screen, and iPod games look great on this player.I must mention that there are several downsides that you should know before buying this otherwise great system:1. 
54. I thought that I would get eyestrain watching such a tiny screen, but the quality of the iPod's screen is so detailed that your eyes trick you into thinking you're watching your video on a bigger screen, and iPod games look great on this player.I must mention that there are several downsides that you should know before buying this otherwise great system:1. 
55. I thought that I would get eyestrain watching such a tiny screen, but the quality of the iPod's screen is so detailed that your eyes trick you into thinking you're watching your video on a bigger screen, and iPod games look great on this player.I must mention that there are several downsides that you should know before buying this otherwise great system:1. 
56. The screen is very high res/detail.  
57. Its syncs nicely and the screen is crisp and clear. 
58. If you're an iPod fan already, you can be smug in the knowledge that this one sets the bar just that much higher.The 2-inch, 320 x 240 screen of the new Nano, when it's sitting on my airline tray table, turns out to be about the same angular size as my TV when I watch it from my sofa at home. 
59. it is a great IPOD. the screen is nice, the commands are easy to use, 8GB is enough for me and i have been using it on my travels and on my car.looks great on black. 
60. I dont recommend to watch movies because the screen is too small.

negative sentences : 
1. I initially thought the idea of watching a video on this 2" screen was ludicrous, it is not as bad as it seems assuming you are picking up a 30 minute or shorter video podcast or something - I still don't think I could subject my eyes to a 2 hour movie on this thing though.All-in-all, this device meets or exceeds my expectations by providing a lot of features in a very small package at a reasonable cost.  8GB of storage is adequate for most folks, and the video functions that Apple includes in this are a nice addition.  
2. But the video function is somewhat useless with the tiny little screen.  
3. Smaller screen with no video to make the devise like an 8GB shuffle (with a smaller screen showing the song, etc.) and would really be great.
4. Smaller screen with no video to make the devise like an 8GB shuffle (with a smaller screen showing the song, etc.) and would really be great.
5. I got the 3rd Gen nano in January of Febuary of 2007, and have loved it so far, however A few days ago I turned it on to discover 1/3 of the pixels on the screen died, making everything illegible. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : product, positive Score : 57 and negative Score :-6
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. i ordered this product on a saturday and got it by Thursday very fast shipping and i emailed him with some questions got fast answers also the product was just like the item description
2. i am totally pleased with this product. it is easy to use and itunes has been great.  
3. This is a great product. 
4. Great product and it was on sale at the time, would recommend to anyone.  
5. A great product. 
6. What a great product!  
7. I am pleased with this product and received it in good time and condition.
8. excellent product.  
9. Great product purchased at a reasonableprice and delivered quickly.  
10. I just recently purchased my first Nano (the new 3rd generation) and love the looks, size, functions etc.- a potential excellent product. 
11. Its a great product. 
12. I'm happy with the product, the delivery and the cost!
13. I'm very glad for mi new ipod, I recomende this product to every one...
14. i got the 8GB nano for my girlfriend as a christmas present..gotta a lot of love for that one. and not to mention it was a pretty good deal. amazon comes through everytime. i'm sometimes skeptical of online ordering, but i have full confidence not only in amazon's timely delivery, but aslo in the fact i'll receive a quality product that will have me ready to order with them again. thanks guys.
15. In this product you get a beautiful well engineered mp3 player that is well thought out. 
16. Looking at the reviews for this new Apple product, it seems like there are more good reviews than bad. 
17. Still a great product. 
18. It is a great product.
19. The product is awesome!!!
20. Functioning wise, though I have not tried it as yet am sure it would do just as good as any other Apple product. 
21. Product and additional parts and literature were in excellent condition.
22. I received the product in a convenient time and the item was not damaged during shipping.  
23. This is a GREAT product.  
24. It certainly is typical Apple product design - elegant, beautiful and stylish -- and it would be perfect except for two very annoying software/firmware issues, and Apple's apparent lack of interest in addressing the first problem. 
25. Otherwise this is a fine product although a little pricey. 
26. But yes, great product.
27. Timely delivery and strong product.  
28. Overall, the new nano is a beautiful product, and it solves the issue for those who want to be able to watch video, but still aren't ready to shell out the big bucks for an iPod Touch.  
29. Pros: The 3rd gen iPod nano is a great product, and once again, the smallest of its kind.  
30. The back scratches easily but every single apple product that has that type of material does. 
31. The product works well. has crisp video and sound. battery life is reasonable, especially in music mode. 
32. Now this figure is a very lenient number (apple uses unrealistic testing conditions) but I have managed to squeeze as much as 15 hours out of a single charge.Since this is a new product I haven't seen any custom designed cases for it in stores.  
33. I am very happy with the product and its condition.
34. This product is good. 
35. I found out the hard way that Apple really is the definitive product in the MP3 field.
36. It's also small enough that you can use if for exercise and never even realize you're wearing it.Bottom line...if you're going to buy an MP3 player, either as a gift or for yourself, don't try to get cute and think other brands are going to offer a better product for less money.  
37. Why the 3rd generation Nano doesn't include this can only be for one reason...so we buy the 4th or 5th generation Nano.Pretty lame of Apple to prey on their huge consumer base like this...but other than that, it's a great product, and nobody builds MP3 players with the same quality as Apple.Just pick the thing up in your hands, and you can tell this is not cheaply made...it just feels nice in the hand.  
38. This product is as expected....works great besides the battery life is kind of crappy ...one day vs the three to four days of my older same generation iPod.
39. fantastic product - i use it for music, photos and videos.even watching a complete film is fun.
40. Stop complaining people. especially the ones that have posted they bought an apple product last week and now want some type of money back. 
41. They provided me a great product and I'm enjoying the heck out of it. 
42. Amazing apple product, i put a lot of music and video, the design is fantastic, i recommend this Ipod !!!
43. It didn't feel like it was a used product. 
44. Great product.
45. I am very satisfied with this product. 
46. Nice product.
47. Product was fine, but shipping and handling was terrible.  
48. Great product, I have had mine for a year now and I absolutely love it! 
49. Great product word the money. 
50. I bought this product almost the same week it was released and to me it was a great upgrade from my 2nd gen nano. 

negative sentences : 
1. Apple's philosophy is that is you are going to make software, you should also make hardware to run it and quite frankly I am amazed at what you get in this product for the rpice you pay.I was pleasantly surprised to see that not only has the outward appearance of this product changed, which I find to be a very stylish form factor, but the menu system and firmware have had some incredible improvements. 
2. I knock it down to a 3 or 4 because of unnecessary or anti-consumer product restrictions.
3. you people are all morons reviewing a product that you dont own but worse is not even out yet !!
4. This is such a great product.  
5. The product was terrible. 
6. No Screen Scratches wear and tare on the back crome like the discription read. a few scatches on the corners other wise great product. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : video, positive Score : 78 and negative Score :-24
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. 3 stars2) Video playback is awesome. 
2. I mean 8 gigabytes for only $200 with high resolution video and new user interface. 
3. New covers function is great and reproduction of video too, besides it has some games and others functions like TV input/output (wiht the correct wire), Podcast, Radio and so on.
4. He says it is easier to use than my big video iPod he bought me for my birthday.  
5. -Have to charge with a computer unless you buy the other power cableAll in all the 3rd generation iPod Nano is a great music and video cable, but if you want to make it excellent, you will have to buy some accessories.
6. The only downside to the video is it only lets you watch it for about 4 hrs.The audio is great as usually expected from an iPod. 
7. Its cheaper than the old 8GB nano AND has video playback.Most of the doubts people have before buying the new nano is how it feels to watch full length movies on it. 
8. I don't care about the cool video, I just want my music to sound like it does on my 2nd. 
9. The screen is big and bright, the battery life is excellent, and the music sounds good.The video feature is nice to have, though 8 gigs and the small screen are not conducive to watching feature length movies or even TV shows. 
10. I HAD THE GEN2 NANO FOR ABOUT A YEAR BUT AS SOON AS THESE CAME OUT I KNEW I WAS GONNA GET ONE, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE NEW MODEL, THE VIDEO CAPABILITY IS AMAZING FOR ITS SIZE AND YOU CAN EVEN PLAY FUN GAMES LIKE PHASE AND SONIC THE HEDGEHOG, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
11. The best add to the nano I think was the feature to be able to play video. 
12. So she saved for another iPod Nano and was just about to order one when the new ones came out: including video with great display for $50 less! 
13. The screen is 2" which is small for viewing long periods of video but for short stretches like 30 minutes its great. 
14. It has excellent audio and video quality and the interface is good.  
15. I think the iPod should be more like the older MP3, just able to copy the music, video, whatever files from your folders on your computer and paste them in. 
16. I still don't know if I'd want to watch a full movie or TV show on this screen, but it's great for music videos, photos or short video clips.
17. I love that the screen is large enough to watch video too.
18. I guess Apple was sick of being undercut on video cables for the last-gen video iPod.  
19. I guess Apple was sick of being undercut on video cables for the last-gen video iPod.  
20. Specifically what made me make this my first iPod ever was the fact that this is by far the most compact video player available, especially for one that can output to a TV or projector.  
21. I was amazed at the high quality of video of the new iPod Nano.  
22. The sound is great & the video is amazing,too! 
23. Classics are way to big for my taste, so if you like a video ipod of an actual portable size, this is the choice for you.
24. The audio quality of both video and music is outstanding in my opinion. 
25. The video quality is top notch. 
26. A few months back I bought my sister a Nano as a gift so comparing the "slim" Nano to the "fat" video Nano I like the one better, the extra width helps me hold onto the player better.My one caution is this: with the new coverflow feature you need to be very careful how you organize your music, spent a fair amount of time last night getting that sorted out. 
27. The size is well, very small.The display is great, photos look good, haven't tried video yet.Menu is almost exactly like my old ipod they just added video, and photos.The cover flow feature?  
28. The Nano came with the distinctive white earbuds and they are ok, but I am using some sound isolating SONY earbuds which provide excellent sound from this Nano.Video:  The screen resolution is incredibly crisp and bright - it's amazing really.  
29. The new Nano is designed to improve upon the past models and add sound functionality the new split-screen operating system is slick you can see all the details about a track in one glance with high resolution video and new user interface. 
30. The video is fun and works fine for things like television shows (widescreen movies do not work well - too small).Overall, I couldn't be happier.
31. Overall, the new nano is a beautiful product, and it solves the issue for those who want to be able to watch video, but still aren't ready to shell out the big bucks for an iPod Touch.  
32. Video looks surprisingly good for the size.Overall i love this ipod, it's REALLY small, its cute, and it does everything I'd want on an 8GB music player. 
33. The battery life is pretty good overall it plays music for a whole day and video i think 5 hours (just dont overcharge it because you can mess up your battery that way). 
34. Memory too small for video anyway.  
35. The product works well. has crisp video and sound. battery life is reasonable, especially in music mode. 
36. And it's perfect for someone with a medium sized music collection like me--I can still carry around most of my music without having to worry about running out of space.I would not recommend the Nano for video viewing or games, because its screen is very small and hard to see.  
37. And the video is unbelievable. 
38. After having bought a Sansa MP3 player last year which did have video, I thought it was better than the 2nd generation Nano...which it was...until it crapped out on us.Then, the 3rd generation Nano comes out, with video, and I was sold.The video quality on this is really quite amazing.  
39. After having bought a Sansa MP3 player last year which did have video, I thought it was better than the 2nd generation Nano...which it was...until it crapped out on us.Then, the 3rd generation Nano comes out, with video, and I was sold.The video quality on this is really quite amazing.  
40. The screen is 2" which is small for viewing long periods of video.Sound quality is not significant improved from previous models which I would say is really hard to do, just have a Bose speaker and the sound would be greater.Overall this device is an improvement with a sleek design.
41. Great size, video resolution, sound! 
42. The size is well, very small.The display is great, photos look good, haven't tried video yet.Menu is almost exactly like my old ipod they just added video, and photos.The cover flow feature?  
43. Sound and video quality is charming. 
44. I was tickled pink when I heard that the new solid-state flash-based nano would include video; I bought it the first week because the school year was starting.Well, I bought too soon. 
45. I'm impressed with this new iPod Nano Video 3rd Gen. 
46. Amazing apple product, i put a lot of music and video, the design is fantastic, i recommend this Ipod !!!
47. The Nano came with a cradle adaptor, not so good earbuds that you should immediately upgrade, and the USB iPod cable, all bundled together.The dimensions of the new video iPod Nano vary that much from the old one. 
48. I thought that I would get eyestrain watching such a tiny screen, but the quality of the iPod's screen is so detailed that your eyes trick you into thinking you're watching your video on a bigger screen, and iPod games look great on this player.I must mention that there are several downsides that you should know before buying this otherwise great system:1. 
49. Don't forget the improved EQ & video functions.
50. The picture quality is gorgeous, reminiscent of an iPhone.The new Nano features a 24-hour battery life when used as a music player, and a 5-hour battery life when watching video, so you can watch at least a couple of full-length movies on a full charge. 
51. This is slightly shorter than the battery life on my 80GB (5th Gen.) video iPod, but it's a smaller unit, with a smaller battery. 
52. It was smaller than I expected and the video feature is pretty cool, even though I won't use it much.Overall, I really like it and would recommend it to anyone looking for something small and compact.
53. My only complaint is the gigantic box shipped with the ipod.The ipod was smaller than i expected, much smaller than the new 4th gen. sound and video playback are excellent. i have it connected to my car stereo and it sounds excellecnt even at full volume. the included headphones suck though. 

negative sentences : 
1. How much video can you store with 3000 songs as well? 
2. it holds many songs, video and has an amazing battery life.
3. i just got this after giving away my black video ipod that had wayyy to much space for me. all of my movies go on here still with come space left..... and is not too small, but small enoughi would recommend this ipod than any other!
4. I own a video iPod, and have owned previous generation iPods, all of which I have found to be excellent products. 
5. This one problem makes me wish for something more...plus iTunes delivers purchased video at 640X480, without the option to scale down to the pixel density of the player, allowing you to cram more video onto an already cramped storage space.
6. This one problem makes me wish for something more...plus iTunes delivers purchased video at 640X480, without the option to scale down to the pixel density of the player, allowing you to cram more video onto an already cramped storage space.
7. I'd give player 4 stars for it's audio abilities and 0 for video, that's how I came up with average score of 2.The reason I gave 0 for video is because I couldn't play any of the video files I could find on my computer. 
8. It's probably there somewhere, it's just not obvious where it is.I agree that the newly required $50 Apple cable for video output is a cheesy ripoff. 
9. The video users wanted more storage so they upgraded those because 30G etc... isnt enough to hold much video, so who need video with 8GB or less.  
10. The video users wanted more storage so they upgraded those because 30G etc... isnt enough to hold much video, so who need video with 8GB or less.  
11. I initially thought the idea of watching a video on this 2" screen was ludicrous, it is not as bad as it seems assuming you are picking up a 30 minute or shorter video podcast or something - I still don't think I could subject my eyes to a 2 hour movie on this thing though.All-in-all, this device meets or exceeds my expectations by providing a lot of features in a very small package at a reasonable cost.  8GB of storage is adequate for most folks, and the video functions that Apple includes in this are a nice addition.  
12. I initially thought the idea of watching a video on this 2" screen was ludicrous, it is not as bad as it seems assuming you are picking up a 30 minute or shorter video podcast or something - I still don't think I could subject my eyes to a 2 hour movie on this thing though.All-in-all, this device meets or exceeds my expectations by providing a lot of features in a very small package at a reasonable cost.  8GB of storage is adequate for most folks, and the video functions that Apple includes in this are a nice addition.  
13. I had held off on buying one of these, because I felt the exclusion of video was a bad move.  
14. But the video function is somewhat useless with the tiny little screen.  
15. Smaller screen with no video to make the devise like an 8GB shuffle (with a smaller screen showing the song, etc.) and would really be great.
16. If you're looking for more music and video format support, then pass on this.  
17. I am very dissapointed in the refresh of the Nano, form factor is horrible and who needs video in a 8GB player or less.  
18. The video users wanted more storage so they upgraded those because 30G etc... isnt enough to hold much video, so who need video with 8GB or less.  
19. I got this a couple of months ago and it's awesome.Here's why:- Compact design is very portable- Flash memory much more durable than a hard drive- Video capability rocks!

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : nano, positive Score : 160 and negative Score :-22
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. While my entire music collection is over 8 gb (plus video content), I decided to go with the Nano simply because of it's tiny size, and the ease of slipping it in my pocket while exercising or traveling.Style: The Nano is really small and tops on my list in terms of looks, the slick case contains the iPod trademark stainless steel back (which is nearly impossible to keep clean), and the wheel.  
2. The screen is small, but the new "squatty" styling of the Nano permits a larger screen than the previous generation Nano.  
3. The screen is small, but the new "squatty" styling of the Nano permits a larger screen than the previous generation Nano.  
4. I don't really find what all the fuss about this album view thing is, while it is useful on a touch screen device like the Touch or the iPhone, it is pointless on the Nano or Classic. 
5. The Nano came with the distinctive white earbuds and they are ok, but I am using some sound isolating SONY earbuds which provide excellent sound from this Nano.Video:  The screen resolution is incredibly crisp and bright - it's amazing really.  
6. The Nano came with the distinctive white earbuds and they are ok, but I am using some sound isolating SONY earbuds which provide excellent sound from this Nano.Video:  The screen resolution is incredibly crisp and bright - it's amazing really.  
7. After having bought a Sansa MP3 player last year which did have video, I thought it was better than the 2nd generation Nano...which it was...until it crapped out on us.Then, the 3rd generation Nano comes out, with video, and I was sold.The video quality on this is really quite amazing.  
8. After having bought a Sansa MP3 player last year which did have video, I thought it was better than the 2nd generation Nano...which it was...until it crapped out on us.Then, the 3rd generation Nano comes out, with video, and I was sold.The video quality on this is really quite amazing.  
9. For the small size of the Nano itself, the screen is a very nice size, and it's super clear, bright and produces excellent color.The audio quality is pretty much what's expected of a portable MP3 player, which is good, but won't blow you away.The only reason(s) I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is that the Sansa had FM radio and a record option that would record both radio broadcast, as well as using the built-in microphone to record speech, or other sounds.  
10. Why the 3rd generation Nano doesn't include this can only be for one reason...so we buy the 4th or 5th generation Nano.Pretty lame of Apple to prey on their huge consumer base like this...but other than that, it's a great product, and nobody builds MP3 players with the same quality as Apple.Just pick the thing up in your hands, and you can tell this is not cheaply made...it just feels nice in the hand.  
11. Why the 3rd generation Nano doesn't include this can only be for one reason...so we buy the 4th or 5th generation Nano.Pretty lame of Apple to prey on their huge consumer base like this...but other than that, it's a great product, and nobody builds MP3 players with the same quality as Apple.Just pick the thing up in your hands, and you can tell this is not cheaply made...it just feels nice in the hand.  
12. Being an iPod enthusiast I felt compelled to purchase this new sleeker iPod nano even though I already own the 30GB, the 80GB (5.5 Generation) and the iPod nano (2nd Generation).  
13. Curse you Steve Jobs you got me addicted.Anyway, what is especially useful about the 3rd generation nano is obviously the video capability.  
14. With only 8 gigs of flash drive space it doesn't exactly have a universe of memory in it but I'd imagine more than a handful of consumers will enjoy this feature.What is nice about this nano is being able to downgrade my music library to MP4 (video) format and fit twice the amount of songs on it.  
15. Last year's nano only allowed for MP3 music files because of the lack of video technology so for me this was a very convenient feature.The rumors regarding the click wheel are true, this sucker has a hair trigger but personally I don't find it as troublesome as other reviewers.  
16. But wait, the silver 8G nano recieved a perfect 5 star rating.  
17. The 3rd Generation iPod Nano is my third iPod--my first one was a 4G iPod Classic (20GB) and then I got a 2G 2GB iPod shuffle.  
18. The Nano is small, lightweight, and easy to hold in my hand.  
19. And it's perfect for someone with a medium sized music collection like me--I can still carry around most of my music without having to worry about running out of space.I would not recommend the Nano for video viewing or games, because its screen is very small and hard to see.  
20. But as a music player the Nano is great--I hope to be carrying mine well into the future.
21. But if you thought the old nano was a good deal, this is great.  
22. So far I only experienced this once, other then that, I'm very pleased with nano's performance. 
23. Some people don't like new shape of this nano, but personally I think its better than older nano's. 
24. Some people don't like new shape of this nano, but personally I think its better than older nano's. 
25. The original price for nano was about $200. 
26. Pros: The 3rd gen iPod nano is a great product, and once again, the smallest of its kind.  
27. Overall, the new nano is a beautiful product, and it solves the issue for those who want to be able to watch video, but still aren't ready to shell out the big bucks for an iPod Touch.  
28. If you enjoy being active and don't mind compromising on hard drive space (or flash storage in this case), then the new nano is for you.  
29. The new UI is a great plus, and the nano has no delay through menus.
30. I can see the appeal of the Gen 3 Nano if you are a constant train or plane traveler but the new design does nothing for me who just wants to listen to music. 
31. I think the new bulkier design and large screen aren't nearly as convenient or aesthetically pleasing as the previous Nano. 
32. I have a first generation 4gb Nano but wanted to upgrade for the additional battery life and memory. 
33. this is a nice ipod, although discontinued, I still like it more compare to the new nano. 
34. The new Nano is designed to improve upon the past models and add sound functionality the new split-screen operating system is slick you can see all the details about a track in one glance with high resolution video and new user interface. 
35. This Nano provides wonderful, true sound reproduction. 
36. So I went apple store to meet a mac genius ...there the genius gave me a replacement and said it could be new or could be a factory serviced part...since i paid the full price and bought a brand new nano and was well within all return policies i said i would like to get a new one....the Mac genius went in and returned with a brand new peice....this is to raise the exposure of folks who might take the factory serviced part...please be sure you are getting what you spend when getting replacements for faulty products from apple stores.Enjoy your pod...Listen to it responsibly ;-)
37. I bought this product almost the same week it was released and to me it was a great upgrade from my 2nd gen nano. 
38. One year later, I was the greeted by a swift kick in my pants when Apple announced they were updating their nano with a longer, sleaker version. 
39. The next generation Nano & new iTunes "rocks", providing easy Tag,  Album Art view & sort functions. 
40. what can i say about apple's product.iPod nano is one of crispy resolution that's packed on this mini pod.love it!
41. If you're an iPod fan already, you can be smug in the knowledge that this one sets the bar just that much higher.The 2-inch, 320 x 240 screen of the new Nano, when it's sitting on my airline tray table, turns out to be about the same angular size as my TV when I watch it from my sofa at home. 
42. The picture quality is gorgeous, reminiscent of an iPhone.The new Nano features a 24-hour battery life when used as a music player, and a 5-hour battery life when watching video, so you can watch at least a couple of full-length movies on a full charge. 
43. The new Nano lives up to its predecessors nicely.My older iPods are getting jealous. 
44. I bought my first Nano (2 gig) last year and have enjoyed it tremendously.  
45. The iPod Nano 3rd gen is still a nice MP3 player. 
46. I lost my original nano and didn't think I was going to like the new version to replace it.  
47. The new iPod Nano is so versatile, so intuitive, and so sleek that I will never try an inferior brand of MP3 players again. 
48. The nano is compact with enough power to fit my needs.  
49. The Nano came with a cradle adaptor, not so good earbuds that you should immediately upgrade, and the USB iPod cable, all bundled together.The dimensions of the new video iPod Nano vary that much from the old one. 
50. I'm impressed with this new iPod Nano Video 3rd Gen. 
51. But that is another story.So overall, I'm quite happy and impressed with the new iPod Nano. 
52. This ipod nano 3G only support iTunes7.6.And iTunes7.6 requre windows XP or vista.It means, ipod nano 3G require windows XP or vista.I am using windows 2000 , So I need to buy windows XP to use ipod.I wouldn't notice this before getting ipod.
53. This ipod nano 3G only support iTunes7.6.And iTunes7.6 requre windows XP or vista.It means, ipod nano 3G require windows XP or vista.I am using windows 2000 , So I need to buy windows XP to use ipod.I wouldn't notice this before getting ipod.
54. I was tickled pink when I heard that the new solid-state flash-based nano would include video; I bought it the first week because the school year was starting.Well, I bought too soon. 
55. Perhaps if they had made it clear in the pitch that a $50 cable would be required to play to TV, I would have still made the same choice, but as it is, I feel, you know, tricked.That issue aside, the nano is as cute as a button, and the little screen looks great. 
56. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
57. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
58. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
59. Happy to have my favorite generation of the nano! 
60. The 3G Nano is great. 
61. I love the new Nano.  
62. A few months back I bought my sister a Nano as a gift so comparing the "slim" Nano to the "fat" video Nano I like the one better, the extra width helps me hold onto the player better.My one caution is this: with the new coverflow feature you need to be very careful how you organize your music, spent a fair amount of time last night getting that sorted out. 
63. A few months back I bought my sister a Nano as a gift so comparing the "slim" Nano to the "fat" video Nano I like the one better, the extra width helps me hold onto the player better.My one caution is this: with the new coverflow feature you need to be very careful how you organize your music, spent a fair amount of time last night getting that sorted out. 
64. I did notice a few times that the coverflow artwork did take a second to load the image as I was scrolling, but this seems to go away after a few times.The "split" screen from the menu that randomly shows some of your album art is very cool, since the half screen can't show a whole album cover it pans across the album art randomly, the cover that is show is random as well.Very cool.Last item, some people will rant about how the 8 GB Nano is on $50 bucks less than the 80 GB Classic. 
65. Having had an "off-brand" mp3 player for a while, this next generation iPod nano has been a really pleasant experience so far. 
66. I just recently purchased my first Nano (the new 3rd generation) and love the looks, size, functions etc.- a potential excellent product. 
67. However, I noticed that my new Nano often completely freezes up; always after syncing; sometimes while charging; and sometimes while just changing songs, going to the menu, etc. 
68. It is easy to sync and use,and well worht the extra money over the 2nd gen nano.
69. The Ipod nano 3g is the absolute best out there.pros: software, Itunes is the greatest. automatically changes WAV, WMA, etc.. to MP3. touchpad is awsome.Music(with good headphones)sounds awesome! 
70. In the past I have owned several other non ipod  mp3 players but they all lacked the sound quality and intuitive nature of the ipod.The nano comes in a small clear plastic box; elegant but simple.  
71. The nano is quiet, small, thin, lightweight, plays everything seamlessly, and is a breeze to use.  
72. I mean, if you carry it in your pocket, you can hardly tell it's in there.I really bought the new Nano to occupy me until the Touch comes out and it's doing just that.  
73. The new iPod nano I think was one of the best iPods. 
74. The best add to the nano I think was the feature to be able to play video. 
75. I settled on the IPOD NANO (3G) and am very satisfied. 
76. Downloading CD's, purchasing additional music, synching the Ipod were all a breeze.If you are looking for a very portable MP3 player to play a variety of music, the NANO is perfect. 
77. The new Nano is a nice improvement from the previous generation. 
78. Both my 18 and 15 year old son's were given Nano's for Christmas.  
79. I bought the Apple 8GB Ipod nano to replace my old nano, and I have to say that it was worth my money. 
80. I bought the Apple 8GB Ipod nano to replace my old nano, and I have to say that it was worth my money. 
81. Its cheaper than the old 8GB nano AND has video playback.Most of the doubts people have before buying the new nano is how it feels to watch full length movies on it. 
82. Its cheaper than the old 8GB nano AND has video playback.Most of the doubts people have before buying the new nano is how it feels to watch full length movies on it. 
83. -Have to charge with a computer unless you buy the other power cableAll in all the 3rd generation iPod Nano is a great music and video cable, but if you want to make it excellent, you will have to buy some accessories.
84. for $185, i am glad i purchased the nano. 
85. The iPod nano is the best device ever made in human history. 
86. So, in summary, if you are going out of the country and there is even a slight chance that you might be locked up while abroad, you should be sure to take an iPod nano with you. 
87. Ipos is the best of the best, it's my first Ipod nano, I'm glad to get one. 
88. This nano is incredible. 
89. I bought the new Nano and ITunes recommened to upgrade the iPod when i tried to load the music. 
90. I love this nano even more than the 2nd gen one I own, which is pink. 
91. The new nano really stands out as a solid flash-based media player that has surpassed its predecessor in features and ease of use.
92. I was amazed at the high quality of video of the new iPod Nano.  
93. i just got my new nano a few days ago and i don't have any complaints except for the cover flow. i'm gonna need to spend a bit of time to get that organized so every single song is under an album cover, but it's not that important, it's more for show. also, the back is the polished stainless steel, so i put clear packaging tape on it (as a cheap cover) to prevent scratches since i just throw it in my backpack. i can't find any cases that i like, but it's only been out since September 5 this will have to do until i can get a hold of a clear plastic case. i love the large screen so i won't have to squint at the screen now (unlike what i had to do with the 1st and 2nd gen of nano)i had a sansa before for a couple of months, but i got sick of that! 
94. i guess being stuck with my ipod mini for a couple of years got me so used to it. i gave the sansa to my boyfriend and just bought the new nano! 
95. and plus you should know the features on the product before you buy it. i don't have a 10,000 song library and movies and videos to store on a device, but if you do then get the regular ipod. so the nano is perfect for someone who just wants some on the run music.i was a little surprised that they changed some of the colors from the neon colors to the more "calm" colors. but if all else fails, just get the black one. i got the red one to donate 10 bucks to fight aids in africa.
96. This is by far the best iPod Nano for the gym or working out. 
97. All I can say is this IPOD nano is excellent! 
98. The Ipod Nano is the best option for the Music Lovers, it's aesy to carry up, anywhere you go.With the new Ipod Nano you can have all your music in your pocket
99. The Ipod Nano is the best option for the Music Lovers, it's aesy to carry up, anywhere you go.With the new Ipod Nano you can have all your music in your pocket
100. All:I bought this iPod Nano 8 GB Black last month.  
101. One thing that was NOT fixed is the 'skipping' problem described above.A few week's experience with the Nano has essentially confirmed my first impressions -- yes, the design and looks of the hardware are pretty good -- it's the software / firmware that's the problem. 
102. I purchased this to replace an older Nano. 
103. On connecting it to my Mac Mini I was informed that I had Mac OSX Ver 10.3.9 and would need to upgrade to OSX Version 10.4.8 so the new Nano would be recognized.On Googling this it appears that Version 10.4.8 is no longer available and that I will have to upgrade to Leopard - which is currently not getting the best upgrade reviews.If Apple requires a particular version of their operating system for the new Nanos to work then this information should be included in Amazon's product description.This isn't the first time I've had a less than positive experience with Apple and I can understand that Nano 3rd generation sales might be less if the box was stickered "warning, may require operating system upgrade", but  frankly I feel the way the Nano is being advertised takes the buyer beware experience to new levels.
104. I bought this as a replacement for the last generation nano and I have to say I'm a little disappointed.I use it almost exclusively for running and it has some serious drawbacks.The hold toggle is tiny -- can't use it when running.  
105. Works seamlessly with my workouts in the morning as I start my day.The nano is so convenient that I use it in many of my other activities during the day.  
106. The first nano I bought from a different seller had a broken wheel, which is so anoything.  
107. I just purchased my new nano from the apple store today and this new model is absolutely amazing! 
108. Its a very minor issue and it's present in all the models I played with at the store.This is definitely the best nano revision to date!
109. First, I'll say I believe this - the third generation Nano - which was released in Sept. '07 - is the best designed Nano as far as functionality over the new 4th gen Nano. 
110. First, I'll say I believe this - the third generation Nano - which was released in Sept. '07 - is the best designed Nano as far as functionality over the new 4th gen Nano. 
111. First, I'll say I believe this - the third generation Nano - which was released in Sept. '07 - is the best designed Nano as far as functionality over the new 4th gen Nano. 
112. In short, if you want the latest, greatest Nano at the best price and highest (eg. 16GB) storage and it's August, WAIT 'till September.3. 
113. Yes, the clock shows up while music is playing and the screen is idle, but there are also times when I'm not using the iPod but I just want to glance at it to get the time and it would be nice if I could do this with less menu navigation.If you're looking for a good case for the 3rd gen nano, I recommend this:Contour Design Showcase nano V3 (Clear w/ Black Accents)Some tips:If you ever experience problems with your iPod nano, first try resetting by holding the center button and menu button down simultaneously for a few seconds. 
114. I think the Ipod and especially this new Nano make listening to music so much fun. 
115. The Ipod Nano 8gb is just great.  
116. I also was able to add my CD music collection, download podcasts, add videos and have this all ready and waiting for when I received my iPod.By chance I had an extra plastic badge cover ( a work ID badge cover -the vertical type with the loop on the top)  and my iPod nano fit into this clear plastic sleeve perfectly.
117. by now this is the latest addition of Apple IPOD to my collection. to be honest, as I already have a 160GB Classic and a 2GB (Nano 2nd Gen), i didn't really need it, but it being a gift, i didn't really mind. i wanted one that I could hook up with my Car stereo, and my Hon got this one from somewhere. it is a decent size, and not too expensive, contra my Classic, apart from the sentimental value, do land in the high cost end.right now I am carrying the ipod in my wallet, that goes in my back pocket, and so far no ill effects have been observed.compared to my previous ipods, the 2nd Gen Nano, it has the plus of Video capability and color and the size is more suitable for the pocket. as far as the CLassic is concerned, it is pretty much the exact same thing, except for the screen size and the storage capasity.the only drawback with the Ipods that i, along with the entire population of Ipod owners have observed is the cosmetique. the body is too acceptable to smudges and prints, and that is whether or not you inclose it in a case. i have my classic in silicon wrapper from day one, an last week i transfered it to a Belkin Hardcase, and the back side was all smudged and dirty.but for my condition, the option was a 32gb touch @ $350 or this 8gb Nano @ $0.00, so how difficult do you think the decision or choice was??? 
118. by now this is the latest addition of Apple IPOD to my collection. to be honest, as I already have a 160GB Classic and a 2GB (Nano 2nd Gen), i didn't really need it, but it being a gift, i didn't really mind. i wanted one that I could hook up with my Car stereo, and my Hon got this one from somewhere. it is a decent size, and not too expensive, contra my Classic, apart from the sentimental value, do land in the high cost end.right now I am carrying the ipod in my wallet, that goes in my back pocket, and so far no ill effects have been observed.compared to my previous ipods, the 2nd Gen Nano, it has the plus of Video capability and color and the size is more suitable for the pocket. as far as the CLassic is concerned, it is pretty much the exact same thing, except for the screen size and the storage capasity.the only drawback with the Ipods that i, along with the entire population of Ipod owners have observed is the cosmetique. the body is too acceptable to smudges and prints, and that is whether or not you inclose it in a case. i have my classic in silicon wrapper from day one, an last week i transfered it to a Belkin Hardcase, and the back side was all smudged and dirty.but for my condition, the option was a 32gb touch @ $350 or this 8gb Nano @ $0.00, so how difficult do you think the decision or choice was??? 
119. I like the square size as opposed to the long, skinny size of the newer Nano's.Apple iPod nano 8 GB Black (3rd Generation)
120. I like the square size as opposed to the long, skinny size of the newer Nano's.Apple iPod nano 8 GB Black (3rd Generation)
121. I was a reluctant Nano purchaser because I could not find any other player that was best for what I wanted of it.I researched a lot before buying the Nano.  

negative sentences : 
1. The Mac's are supposedly the most stable computers out there, but I honestly cannot say the same for the iPod Nano.I loved the design of this unit, and now apparently Apple has gone back to the ugly, longer design.  
2. I own black Ipod Nano, my first impressions are very positive.My biggest concern before buying were colors and sound quality, this is my first ipod. 
3. I have owned other and cheaper mp3 players, the sound quality of nano is not any better, about in the middle I would say. 
4. Its very good, but in comparison to some other cheaper players, Nano doesn't stand out at all. 
5. I bought the Nano 8GB black piece a few days back and its performance is really good. 
6. What sold me what the TV output, which would come in handy for showing training videos on the fly.Or so I thought.After buying two separate TV adapters, that the Radio Shack guy swore would work, I still had no video.I later find out that APPALL (thats apple) has intentionally disabled the TV output, except for their own cables, which not surprisingly are $50, compared to the $20 most 3rd party adapters go for.I like the Nano for its size and relative ease of use, but why needlessly anger Apple customers by intentionally frustrating them this way?
7. I haven't used my Nano that much, but so far so good.  8 gb is solid and can hold a lot of songs!
8. I am very dissapointed in the refresh of the Nano, form factor is horrible and who needs video in a 8GB player or less.  
9. Before i started to use the peice shipped to me i had an interesting experience which i penned below:I bought the 3g Ipod Nano black and it was only working when it was connected to the system. 
10. But, before you click that button, I must warn you that it will erase all of your settings (except the time and date) and all of the high-scores and accounts on your games.I know that all of these "downsides" sound like I'm trying to discourage you, but I still give the Nano a 5-star rating because, in spite of all of these little bugs and disadvantages (which aren't all that difficult to deal with), the Apple 3rd Gen. iPod Nano is still, at the end of the day, one of the best (if not the best) music player on the market today. 
11. I was reluctant at first when the Ipod fever started all over the world....I said once that I would never buy an Ipod...I was too wrong and blind....this Nano is perfect...it's small, compact, stylish, useful, etc.Recommended 100%
12. The unit measures 2.8 by 2.1 by 0.3 inches, with rounded edges and a a very nice brushed metallic finishI think the look is great and like it far more than I expected.Cover Flow was not great on the nano. 
13. why is the black nano more expensive than the other 8 gb nanos? 
14. This 8gb Nano blows that other heavy hunk of junk away.  
15. Apple has been adding more and more for this nano. 
16. When looked at this produced on your website it said Apple ipod nano 8gb black IN GOOD CONDITION. 
17. The capacity was of course insufficient.The Nano however does everything I want it to do and the battery lasts about 6-8 workouts before needing recharging. 
18. I have owned or tried each successive generation of the iPod Nano, and I have found this one to be the best overall design, for ease of use and overall features I require. 
19. The same song will play fine in iTunes (on the computer) and in every other device and .mp3 player, only the Nano chokes on it.Apple's helpdesk advises only one thing. 
20. I bought it because my daughter already has an earlier version Nano and it was simpler in terms of chargers and accessories to get one compatible with accessories we already had.
21. For the Sansa View you need to manage podcasts manually and for the Zune the podcast support is just developing.I have listened to two audible books on the Nano so far and I liked the experience very much.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : music, positive Score : 100 and negative Score :-16
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. very good music player fod music vedeos.this was a replace ment for a previous one.no problems had to upgrade for more storage.
2. Well the toufh part to help select music isnt very good anymore. 
3. +excellent sound quality+convenient speakers+able to hold lots of music+great features to search for songs in many ways+nice extras, like games, calculator, and time+very sleek+great screen and ability to fast forward or remind in a song (a feature not in the primitive iPods)-great compatability with iTunes-included case could be more useful, as in it would've been nice if you could listen to the music while in the case.
4. This old ipod is one of the best small ipod. with 8gb it will hold lots of music and fit right in your pocket
5. I must admit I have really regrets.because the sounds quality is reberkable worse than iriver h10 which I had already,and people who had an iriver before:"Dont buy ipod" It's a disappointment about sound quality,'pod is for the people who will simply listen to music and it just looks fancy and nice to feel with you,but not for the improved and experienced listeners.ED'T:I Sold it and I am much happier now.I will never recommend 'pod to anyone because of its never satisfying sound quality!
6. and plus you should know the features on the product before you buy it. i don't have a 10,000 song library and movies and videos to store on a device, but if you do then get the regular ipod. so the nano is perfect for someone who just wants some on the run music.i was a little surprised that they changed some of the colors from the neon colors to the more "calm" colors. but if all else fails, just get the black one. i got the red one to donate 10 bucks to fight aids in africa.
7. Itunes also adds to the enjoyment making it easier to download and manage music than Yahoo Music. 
8. The audio quality of both video and music is outstanding in my opinion. 
9. One of them is a cool movie/music trivia game. 
10. -Have to charge with a computer unless you buy the other power cableAll in all the 3rd generation iPod Nano is a great music and video cable, but if you want to make it excellent, you will have to buy some accessories.
11. Your music is really easy to organize in iTunes and the earphones included are pretty good. 
12. I went to the Apple store and they gave me a brand new one, so that's totally fine.I am not fond of the Cover flow or that you can't turn off the cover art while listening to music.I love the long battery life- I had a 18 hour airplane layover experience and I watched a movie and listened to music for a good 16 hours of it, amazing considering my gen 1 lasted 7 hours TOPS.All in all I love it, the click wheel took come getting used to but it's still a fabulous piece of engineering. 
13. I went to the Apple store and they gave me a brand new one, so that's totally fine.I am not fond of the Cover flow or that you can't turn off the cover art while listening to music.I love the long battery life- I had a 18 hour airplane layover experience and I watched a movie and listened to music for a good 16 hours of it, amazing considering my gen 1 lasted 7 hours TOPS.All in all I love it, the click wheel took come getting used to but it's still a fabulous piece of engineering. 
14. The screen is big and bright, the battery life is excellent, and the music sounds good.The video feature is nice to have, though 8 gigs and the small screen are not conducive to watching feature length movies or even TV shows. 
15. Downloading CD's, purchasing additional music, synching the Ipod were all a breeze.If you are looking for a very portable MP3 player to play a variety of music, the NANO is perfect. 
16. Downloading CD's, purchasing additional music, synching the Ipod were all a breeze.If you are looking for a very portable MP3 player to play a variety of music, the NANO is perfect. 
17. The Ipod Nano is the best option for the Music Lovers, it's aesy to carry up, anywhere you go.With the new Ipod Nano you can have all your music in your pocket
18. Perhaps it might be more intuitive for a Mac user but I had more trouble than I expected getting my iPod set up correctly and loaded with the music I wanted.Apple's proud boast is that their products "just work". 
19. Thus if you're already over the 8 GB limit and  you add new music, you have to unselect the new music manually in order to preserve your existing Nano mix without synch difficulties. 
20. very good music player fod music vedeos.this was a replace ment for a previous one.no problems had to upgrade for more storage.
21. I also was able to add my CD music collection, download podcasts, add videos and have this all ready and waiting for when I received my iPod.By chance I had an extra plastic badge cover ( a work ID badge cover -the vertical type with the loop on the top)  and my iPod nano fit into this clear plastic sleeve perfectly.
22. I think the iPod should be more like the older MP3, just able to copy the music, video, whatever files from your folders on your computer and paste them in. 
23. Which is nice to have free music, but its hard transferring that stuff from one thing, like Windows Media Player, to having to convert it to iTunes, which takes a while.Overall, the Apple iPod Nano 8 GB Black is really nice device, but they could had done a whole lot better job. 
24. I kept on checking and re-checking the little boxes next to the Tracks of music and after un-checking everything that loaded up, re-checked the ones that I wanted on my iPod and than finally figured out that you have to go to the name of your iPod and press the "magical," button Synchronize, which translates to burning the music onto this little, nifty device. 
25. I kept on checking and re-checking the little boxes next to the Tracks of music and after un-checking everything that loaded up, re-checked the ones that I wanted on my iPod and than finally figured out that you have to go to the name of your iPod and press the "magical," button Synchronize, which translates to burning the music onto this little, nifty device. 
26. But after that, I spent many frustrating hours watching my music conversed over from WMP to iTunes, and than trying to figure out how to put the music onto my new iPod.I made it harder than it was, to tell you the truth. 
27. But after that, I spent many frustrating hours watching my music conversed over from WMP to iTunes, and than trying to figure out how to put the music onto my new iPod.I made it harder than it was, to tell you the truth. 
28. It is easy to organize music and upload and sync music with this Ipod.The only shortcoming is that it should come with a dock, as it is so small that the weight of the USB cable is almost as heavy as the Ipod and sometimes pulls it off my desk.This is my first Ipod and I am truly impressed!
29. It is easy to organize music and upload and sync music with this Ipod.The only shortcoming is that it should come with a dock, as it is so small that the weight of the USB cable is almost as heavy as the Ipod and sometimes pulls it off my desk.This is my first Ipod and I am truly impressed!
30. I think the Ipod and especially this new Nano make listening to music so much fun. 
31. I still don't know if I'd want to watch a full movie or TV show on this screen, but it's great for music videos, photos or short video clips.
32. It is great and holds alot of music. 
33. If there's a way to add music without disturbing your current synch list, I haven't found it.Another feature I haven't located is a quick and easy way to keep different synch lists for different moods (i.e., all classical mix, all 60s mix, all vocalists list) so that you can quickly resynch and get the mix you want loaded without much manual tweaking. 
34. Thus if you're already over the 8 GB limit and  you add new music, you have to unselect the new music manually in order to preserve your existing Nano mix without synch difficulties. 
35. It's called 'scheduled obsolescence'.There is very, very little bass in the music. 
36. While my entire music collection is over 8 gb (plus video content), I decided to go with the Nano simply because of it's tiny size, and the ease of slipping it in my pocket while exercising or traveling.Style: The Nano is really small and tops on my list in terms of looks, the slick case contains the iPod trademark stainless steel back (which is nearly impossible to keep clean), and the wheel.  
37. I have been listening to some of my rock music for as long as 40 years, and am very familiar with every note and nuance. 
38. I don't have a ton of music, so this works great for me.
39. I love listening to classical music as I work alone, particularly when working in situations where I won't be interrupted and need to concentrate on my work.We got a cover set to protect the iPod; the set came with an armband to use while exercising. 
40. For Classical music, of course, it's better to listen to a piece as a whole, in order, so I use the non-shuffle setting for that.Using the iTunes on my computer has been an unexpected benefit because I now use this at work, I never had used music before on my computer, just occasional online radio stations. 
41. Video looks surprisingly good for the size.Overall i love this ipod, it's REALLY small, its cute, and it does everything I'd want on an 8GB music player. 
42. The battery life is pretty good overall it plays music for a whole day and video i think 5 hours (just dont overcharge it because you can mess up your battery that way). 
43. I am a classical music fan and have downloaded several CDs of symphonies and operas.  
44. The product works well. has crisp video and sound. battery life is reasonable, especially in music mode. 
45. But as a music player the Nano is great--I hope to be carrying mine well into the future.
46. And it's perfect for someone with a medium sized music collection like me--I can still carry around most of my music without having to worry about running out of space.I would not recommend the Nano for video viewing or games, because its screen is very small and hard to see.  
47. It's also nice that it has a screen (unlike the shuffle) which makes it easier to select music to listen to.  
48. With only 8 gigs of flash drive space it doesn't exactly have a universe of memory in it but I'd imagine more than a handful of consumers will enjoy this feature.What is nice about this nano is being able to downgrade my music library to MP4 (video) format and fit twice the amount of songs on it.  
49. I ordered this iPod for my fiance for Christmas through Amazon, who distributed it from J&R; Music World.First, as usual, Amazon made sure the shipping/billing process was easy and fast.As for the iPod Nano itself...this thing really is a remarkable piece of equipment.  
50. This is the 1st iPod I've ever owned, but the features are superlative in comparison to my old mp3 player and I rate it a 10+.If used manually, the wheel can be a bit touchy until you get accustomed to it, but I have mine docked in the JBL Radial and use the remote.To download music from an existing CD in your collection is a breeze.  
51. The menus are very intuitive, and begin with music, podcasts, video, etc, then within the Music category you can play by artist, playlist, etc. 
52. I wasn't which one to buy but the nano 3g was the one because:- it is small- has enough storage space- compatible with nike+- i can put it in my pocketMy music collection is around 20GB but there are a lot of songs that I dont like anymore so 8GB is enough for music + podcasts. 
53. I wasn't which one to buy but the nano 3g was the one because:- it is small- has enough storage space- compatible with nike+- i can put it in my pocketMy music collection is around 20GB but there are a lot of songs that I dont like anymore so 8GB is enough for music + podcasts. 
54. The picture quality is gorgeous, reminiscent of an iPhone.The new Nano features a 24-hour battery life when used as a music player, and a 5-hour battery life when watching video, so you can watch at least a couple of full-length movies on a full charge. 
55. The 8 GB iPod nano does hold a lot of music, but not as much as it seems that it should for the memory it has.The iTunes program downloads jumps and skips into your music. 
56. This was purchased to play AICC quality music in my home stereo via a DAC and the same quality music in my car. 
57. I put a ton of music and several vids from youtube on it, more than 2.5GBs left still. (2 days of music and 6 hours of video). 
58. I could not live without this, photos to show of my family, music videos that I love, music that sounds wonderful. 
59. I wish I would have bought at least the 16 GB iPod. 8 GB does not hold very much music. 
60. The Ipod nano 3g is the absolute best out there.pros: software, Itunes is the greatest. automatically changes WAV, WMA, etc.. to MP3. touchpad is awsome.Music(with good headphones)sounds awesome! 
61. A few months back I bought my sister a Nano as a gift so comparing the "slim" Nano to the "fat" video Nano I like the one better, the extra width helps me hold onto the player better.My one caution is this: with the new coverflow feature you need to be very careful how you organize your music, spent a fair amount of time last night getting that sorted out. 
62. To be able to get rid of some CDs and just to buy music via internet instead of going to a store good thing and great when you see other things that you consider buying as you get a record of buying and listening to certain music. 
63. To have all that music in that little device. 
64. Perfect for all my outdoor activities ,(mainly bike-riding). i thought some of the newer models too small or too big. holds more than enough music, and the sound is wonderful.i believe this was refurbished and i've had it for years and years without a problem. of course you do need to remember to keep it charged...not so much of a problem for me as i have an original that i thought had died, but didn't, so i utilize the two of them...Amazon experience was exceptional..
65. Imagine being able to carry your entire music collection in the palm of your hand.  
66. The followings are the features that I really like;* Very slim in dimensions* Light wieght* Long battery life* Sound clarity* Friendly to use* Affordable price* Clear display* Has plenty of accessoriesIt's simply the best music player I ever had.
67. It is amazing that this tiny device holds so much music (and movies/videos too). 
68. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
69. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
70. Unless their rivals can come up with something that has equal sound quality, music storage space and troubleshooting then I will stick with the ipod.Well recommended (Especially if you play it in the car due to the easy to use controls) I would have gone with the 80gb but I had to ask myself do I really need it and as for the touch, I think that's one for the kids.

negative sentences : 
1. I haven't had a problem with it so far and I really do think this is worth your money if you want to replace an old ipod, or if you want to switch to Apple Ipod from a different music player. 
2. After getting it, the music on hand was too much for the size of the Ipod, the return was seemless, Impresed with the procedurers inplace with Amazon
3. Good Ipod, but freezes all the time, after that you need to reset it, overall is a good music player but not very reliable
4. They make it so hard having to covert the music over, that its frustrating. 
5. To be able to play videos, podcasts, audible files and music is amazing. 
6. So I can hear more music, news and listen to the play by plays from the ballgames. 
7. If any of the tag information on any song(s) is off from the rest of the album it will create multiple albums in coverflow, also not having any album art for any music becomes annoying in coverflow. 
8. It is practical, stylish, has all the features you would need in a music player and more.
9. I bought some music on the web and I am going to check out the library for more music to load into it. 
10. Can't believe that little thing can hold so much music, etc.and sound so good. 
11. But, before you click that button, I must warn you that it will erase all of your settings (except the time and date) and all of the high-scores and accounts on your games.I know that all of these "downsides" sound like I'm trying to discourage you, but I still give the Nano a 5-star rating because, in spite of all of these little bugs and disadvantages (which aren't all that difficult to deal with), the Apple 3rd Gen. iPod Nano is still, at the end of the day, one of the best (if not the best) music player on the market today. 
12. If you're looking for more music and video format support, then pass on this.  
13. They have so much music on it and can't stop talking about how great it is. 
14. While the storage size is plenty, it has no radio tuner and I have not yet been able to play downloaded music videos on my Ipod. 
15. The included stereo ear buds are very poor for listening to music.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : ipod, positive Score : 214 and negative Score :-34
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. While my entire music collection is over 8 gb (plus video content), I decided to go with the Nano simply because of it's tiny size, and the ease of slipping it in my pocket while exercising or traveling.Style: The Nano is really small and tops on my list in terms of looks, the slick case contains the iPod trademark stainless steel back (which is nearly impossible to keep clean), and the wheel.  
2. The screen is slightly recessed from the case, and it has begun to collect some dust around the edges.Interface:  The distinctive wheel on the iPod makes navigating the menus quite easy.  
3. While my iPod is great, the service provided by Amazon was absolutely horrible.  
4. Now I'm satisfied with iPod. 
5. Being an iPod enthusiast I felt compelled to purchase this new sleeker iPod nano even though I already own the 30GB, the 80GB (5.5 Generation) and the iPod nano (2nd Generation).  
6. Being an iPod enthusiast I felt compelled to purchase this new sleeker iPod nano even though I already own the 30GB, the 80GB (5.5 Generation) and the iPod nano (2nd Generation).  
7. The 3rd Generation iPod Nano is my third iPod--my first one was a 4G iPod Classic (20GB) and then I got a 2G 2GB iPod shuffle.  
8. The 3rd Generation iPod Nano is my third iPod--my first one was a 4G iPod Classic (20GB) and then I got a 2G 2GB iPod shuffle.  
9. The 3rd Generation iPod Nano is my third iPod--my first one was a 4G iPod Classic (20GB) and then I got a 2G 2GB iPod shuffle.  
10. I don't find the click wheel a very satisfying controller for games--the touch screen on an iPod Touch or and iPhone is much more satisfying.  
11. Video looks surprisingly good for the size.Overall i love this ipod, it's REALLY small, its cute, and it does everything I'd want on an 8GB music player. 
12. Pros: The 3rd gen iPod nano is a great product, and once again, the smallest of its kind.  
13. Overall, the new nano is a beautiful product, and it solves the issue for those who want to be able to watch video, but still aren't ready to shell out the big bucks for an iPod Touch.  
14. Ipod came fast and it's quality is great, was a little skeptical buying a used IPod but not after the on I revived
15. Well, this is my first Ipod and I love it.  
16. this is a nice ipod, although discontinued, I still like it more compare to the new nano. 
17. This product is as expected....works great besides the battery life is kind of crappy ...one day vs the three to four days of my older same generation iPod.
18. This is my first iPod because previously I didn't need one. 
19. The best ipod ever! 
20. This Ipod is awesome!
21. I plan on keeping this ipod for a long time...or until I run out of space.
22. i love the slick look of this ipod.  
23. what can i say about apple's product.iPod nano is one of crispy resolution that's packed on this mini pod.love it!
24. If you're an iPod fan already, you can be smug in the knowledge that this one sets the bar just that much higher.The 2-inch, 320 x 240 screen of the new Nano, when it's sitting on my airline tray table, turns out to be about the same angular size as my TV when I watch it from my sofa at home. 
25. This is slightly shorter than the battery life on my 80GB (5th Gen.) video iPod, but it's a smaller unit, with a smaller battery. 
26. I like the ipod brand/name, so when i decided to get my daughter a new mp3 player, it had to be ipod.  
27. Ipod 8GB color black very good condition, I bought it in december 1st and by december 30th it was giving me some problems. 
28. The iPod Nano 3rd gen is still a nice MP3 player. 
29. I purchase this item for my son he was a little small for a ipod so I got this item for him. and he loves it.
30. Price is too high for this beat-up'd iPod! 
31. This iPod was in great condition and came with everything promised.  
32. it is a great IPOD. the screen is nice, the commands are easy to use, 8GB is enough for me and i have been using it on my travels and on my car.looks great on black. 
33. My only complaint is the gigantic box shipped with the ipod.The ipod was smaller than i expected, much smaller than the new 4th gen. sound and video playback are excellent. i have it connected to my car stereo and it sounds excellecnt even at full volume. the included headphones suck though. 
34. My only complaint is the gigantic box shipped with the ipod.The ipod was smaller than i expected, much smaller than the new 4th gen. sound and video playback are excellent. i have it connected to my car stereo and it sounds excellecnt even at full volume. the included headphones suck though. 
35. Since I fall into the "geezer" category, this if my first ipod/mp3.  
36. The new iPod Nano is so versatile, so intuitive, and so sleek that I will never try an inferior brand of MP3 players again. 
37. I thought that I would get eyestrain watching such a tiny screen, but the quality of the iPod's screen is so detailed that your eyes trick you into thinking you're watching your video on a bigger screen, and iPod games look great on this player.I must mention that there are several downsides that you should know before buying this otherwise great system:1. 
38. I thought that I would get eyestrain watching such a tiny screen, but the quality of the iPod's screen is so detailed that your eyes trick you into thinking you're watching your video on a bigger screen, and iPod games look great on this player.I must mention that there are several downsides that you should know before buying this otherwise great system:1. 
39. You can buy replacement batteries for the iPod, but you have to crack open your iPod to insert it. 
40. So, unless you are comfortable messing with hardware (like myself), plan on buying a new iPod in three to four years (that's probably time for a new one anyway, though.5. 
41. I can keep my iPod going all day at work (a full 8 hour day) and still have plenty of juice left over for the rest of the day.All that being said, I am very happy and pleased with how the iPod has performed in the week I have had it and will try to make any updates to this review as time goes on.
42. They don't make this model anymore, and I will always love my ipod, but this is a good replacement. 
43. The Nano came with a cradle adaptor, not so good earbuds that you should immediately upgrade, and the USB iPod cable, all bundled together.The dimensions of the new video iPod Nano vary that much from the old one. 
44. Amazing apple product, i put a lot of music and video, the design is fantastic, i recommend this Ipod !!!
45. GREAT package deal for the price, I never leave home without my ipod, it works great.
46. I'm impressed with this new iPod Nano Video 3rd Gen. 
47. When I bought this iPod last October, it required the latest version of iTunes. 
48. But that is another story.So overall, I'm quite happy and impressed with the new iPod Nano. 
49. This ipod nano 3G only support iTunes7.6.And iTunes7.6 requre windows XP or vista.It means, ipod nano 3G require windows XP or vista.I am using windows 2000 , So I need to buy windows XP to use ipod.I wouldn't notice this before getting ipod.
50. This ipod nano 3G only support iTunes7.6.And iTunes7.6 requre windows XP or vista.It means, ipod nano 3G require windows XP or vista.I am using windows 2000 , So I need to buy windows XP to use ipod.I wouldn't notice this before getting ipod.
51. It seems that without disclosing the change to customers, Apple has locked the "TV Out" feature, preventing users from outputting iPod content to their TV sets. 
52. I bought this new ipod after having the old 4gb version (plays 1000 tracks) and wanting to upgrade to this version seeing as it holds double that.Well first off this is ultra thin. 
53. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
54. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
55. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
56. I wouldn't say it is breakable (Unless you are just very clumsy) It is a little smaller than a credit card and other than the wider screen is not much different in function than the ipod nano.While some have complained about the size of the screen (I myself haven't got any films to watch on my ipod and to be honest I bought it for music only) I found the screen due to its increased size easier on the eye and containing some excellent graphics (If you are into that sort of thing) Such as track lists, album covers (Full screen instead of the smaller nano version) rotating pictures and other little nice tricks that if you showed too many people would probably end up with your ipdo being stolen.The controls are pretty easy to use (I got this rather than the ipod touch due to the fact that it is an all glass screen which would result in a pretty ugly looking ipod after a while full of finger marks and also due to the fact that the controls can be easily used without looking rather than fiddling around with high tech stuff that you really don't need) One thing I have noticed though is that they seem to be a little more sensitive than the nano and if you are looking for a specific track you can end up skipping it and have a frustrating couple of minutes trying to get it to lock on the track you want.The music quality is excellent and so far so good, I have had no problems at all with mine. 
57. I was considering buying a cheaper mp3 player by Panasonic for example but having been happy with the ipod so far I guess stick with what you know. 
58. First time with IPOD.  
59. The size is well, very small.The display is great, photos look good, haven't tried video yet.Menu is almost exactly like my old ipod they just added video, and photos.The cover flow feature?  
60. So last night I picked up my first Ipod, got a Black 8 GB Nano. 
61. Having had an "off-brand" mp3 player for a while, this next generation iPod nano has been a really pleasant experience so far. 
62. I love the Ipod and the price was great, my son willbe recieving this next week on his Birthday and no doubt will love it as he has been asking for one for over 2 yearsThank you
63. The Ipod nano 3g is the absolute best out there.pros: software, Itunes is the greatest. automatically changes WAV, WMA, etc.. to MP3. touchpad is awsome.Music(with good headphones)sounds awesome! 
64. I wish I would have bought at least the 16 GB iPod. 8 GB does not hold very much music. 
65. In the past I have owned several other non ipod  mp3 players but they all lacked the sound quality and intuitive nature of the ipod.The nano comes in a small clear plastic box; elegant but simple.  
66. In the past I have owned several other non ipod  mp3 players but they all lacked the sound quality and intuitive nature of the ipod.The nano comes in a small clear plastic box; elegant but simple.  
67. Getting up and running was easy, I already had itunes installed so I just plugged the cable in and 30 minutes later it had loaded all my music from windows media player and synched it to the ipod.Construction is sturdy and it's just the right size for most situations.  
68. This is my first iPod ever.  
69. BUY THIS IF YOU WANT A GREAT IPOD WITH GREAT FEATURES FOR THE MONEY!
70. The new iPod nano I think was one of the best iPods. 
71. I definately like the new interface they have for the iPod nano, overall this is pretty much the most reliable iPod.
72. My first iPod.  
73. My first iPod. 
74. Downloading CD's, purchasing additional music, synching the Ipod were all a breeze.If you are looking for a very portable MP3 player to play a variety of music, the NANO is perfect. 
75. I love the new iPod.  
76. I bought a used ipod from these guys and couldn't be happier. good job will look to here again in the future
77. I bought the Apple 8GB Ipod nano to replace my old nano, and I have to say that it was worth my money. 
78. The sound and wonder of this little ipod blows my mind.  
79. This iPod is fantastic. 
80. -Have to charge with a computer unless you buy the other power cableAll in all the 3rd generation iPod Nano is a great music and video cable, but if you want to make it excellent, you will have to buy some accessories.
81. He says it is easier to use than my big video iPod he bought me for my birthday.  
82. Was just what my 15 year old wanted - great little ipod--loaded with all his fave music!
83. The iPod nano is the best device ever made in human history. 
84. You could be in the squalor of a jail in Istanbul, but if you have your iPod you'd be perfectly content. 
85. So, in summary, if you are going out of the country and there is even a slight chance that you might be locked up while abroad, you should be sure to take an iPod nano with you. 
86. i'm happy with my ipod except for my camera videos i can't download because of format.
87. I really want to get a large Classic ipod with 160gb space but I am worried because of the negative reviews. 
88. Wow this looked like a mini classic iPod. 
89. This is my 1st iPod and now it's my niece. 
90. This 3rd generation was a huge improvement in weight over my older photo iPod. 
91. My older iPod brick would offer resistance and I'd stop before it would go flying.I'm not crazy about the cover flow option, as the art work is often wrong of missing. 
92. Ipos is the best of the best, it's my first Ipod nano, I'm glad to get one. 
93. This is definetly the best ipod. 
94. The back was little more scratched than I thought it would be, and the wheel was loose in its setting, which told me the old owner had used the ipod heavily, but there were no nicks and scrapes along the edges, which was great.I had ordered the ipod as a gift for a friend's birthday, and I'm glad I did.
95. The back was little more scratched than I thought it would be, and the wheel was loose in its setting, which told me the old owner had used the ipod heavily, but there were no nicks and scrapes along the edges, which was great.I had ordered the ipod as a gift for a friend's birthday, and I'm glad I did.
96. This iPod is so small it can be taken anywhere and not even noticed.  
97. The 3rd gen seems to be a solid iPod.  
98. The new release of software on the iPod crashes on connecting to USB. 
99. I had the ipod classic, but decided it was to bulky for the gym, so i bout the nano, thinking it would be used mostly for music, but after loading 1 music video I was amazed, the screen is so clear, it looks as large as the classic while your watching it, so realizing i only had 8g to play with, i wanted to see what I could do with it, I re compressed video that was already converted for the ipod classic, it can be done with visual hub, or i squint, ( free ) on the mac , videora( Free ) on the pc , the movies were about 200mb each, so in the end i had,5 movies, about 2hrs each,3 Music play lists, about a hundred songs each,28 music videos,5 TV shows about 45min each16 Pictures29 Pod casts, Audio and Videoall my addresses and phone numbers3 built in games + 2 purchasedand 353.8mb to spare,and the battery lasts all day, unlike my classic, that requires a car charger and a wall plug to get me through the day,it also has a full calendar through next year, tells the time and works as a stop watch, and with the a simple belkin silicon case on, feels like a silver dollar in your pocket, and yes I've dropped it, saved twice because its so lite it hung from the headphone cord, never touching the ground, and again nocked off the tread mill onto the floor, without a scratch, and no screen guard, i love it.
100. I had the ipod classic, but decided it was to bulky for the gym, so i bout the nano, thinking it would be used mostly for music, but after loading 1 music video I was amazed, the screen is so clear, it looks as large as the classic while your watching it, so realizing i only had 8g to play with, i wanted to see what I could do with it, I re compressed video that was already converted for the ipod classic, it can be done with visual hub, or i squint, ( free ) on the mac , videora( Free ) on the pc , the movies were about 200mb each, so in the end i had,5 movies, about 2hrs each,3 Music play lists, about a hundred songs each,28 music videos,5 TV shows about 45min each16 Pictures29 Pod casts, Audio and Videoall my addresses and phone numbers3 built in games + 2 purchasedand 353.8mb to spare,and the battery lasts all day, unlike my classic, that requires a car charger and a wall plug to get me through the day,it also has a full calendar through next year, tells the time and works as a stop watch, and with the a simple belkin silicon case on, feels like a silver dollar in your pocket, and yes I've dropped it, saved twice because its so lite it hung from the headphone cord, never touching the ground, and again nocked off the tread mill onto the floor, without a scratch, and no screen guard, i love it.
101. This was a replacement for an old ipod.The size and shape are perfect for my needs.Seems to be working well.I wish I had been aware that it would take so long to get it,  before I ordered it. 
102. Extremely small iPod with a lot of features. 
103. Classics are way to big for my taste, so if you like a video ipod of an actual portable size, this is the choice for you.
104. Even when I used 3rd party software to convert videos to supposedly recognizable format, I still couldn't load them to Ipod.The curious thing is that MOV files, at least I was able to load in Itunes... but then it failed to sync them with Ipod anyway.As for Audio abilities... 
105. This iPod is amazing!!!! 
106. This was actually my first iPod (before I sadly lost it.  
107. Best iPod I'll ever have and sure wish I could get it back.
108. I was amazed at the high quality of video of the new iPod Nano.  
109. or you can save 100 bucks more for the iTouch or 50 bucks for the regular ipod.wow people! 
110. it's a modified version of the big ipod! 
111. and plus you should know the features on the product before you buy it. i don't have a 10,000 song library and movies and videos to store on a device, but if you do then get the regular ipod. so the nano is perfect for someone who just wants some on the run music.i was a little surprised that they changed some of the colors from the neon colors to the more "calm" colors. but if all else fails, just get the black one. i got the red one to donate 10 bucks to fight aids in africa.
112. In this fast paced world the iPod is perfect for adding a soundtrack to your life.
113. The dial didn't work appropriately and to shut down the IPod took a very long time.  
114. I ended up buying a brand new Ipod in fear that another used one would do the same
115. First I was happy with the new iPod 3rd Generation, than I realised: The notes typed in the Apple Address Book are not displayed. 
116. I must admit I have really regrets.because the sounds quality is reberkable worse than iriver h10 which I had already,and people who had an iriver before:"Dont buy ipod" It's a disappointment about sound quality,'pod is for the people who will simply listen to music and it just looks fancy and nice to feel with you,but not for the improved and experienced listeners.ED'T:I Sold it and I am much happier now.I will never recommend 'pod to anyone because of its never satisfying sound quality!
117. This old ipod is one of the best small ipod. with 8gb it will hold lots of music and fit right in your pocket
118. This old ipod is one of the best small ipod. with 8gb it will hold lots of music and fit right in your pocket
119. I'm very glad for mi new ipod, I recomende this product to every one...
120. I got the ipod in a timely manner. 
121. I originally bought the new 4th generation Ipod and ended up returning it because it would not charge in my factory-installed ipod adapter (2008 Jetta). 
122. I originally bought the new 4th generation Ipod and ended up returning it because it would not charge in my factory-installed ipod adapter (2008 Jetta). 
123. This is by far the best iPod Nano for the gym or working out. 
124. All I can say is this IPOD nano is excellent! 
125. The Ipod Nano is the best option for the Music Lovers, it's aesy to carry up, anywhere you go.With the new Ipod Nano you can have all your music in your pocket
126. The Ipod Nano is the best option for the Music Lovers, it's aesy to carry up, anywhere you go.With the new Ipod Nano you can have all your music in your pocket
127. Specifically what made me make this my first iPod ever was the fact that this is by far the most compact video player available, especially for one that can output to a TV or projector.  
128. I'd give my new iPod 5 stars for this feature alone if it weren't for the $50 cable you have to buy only from Apple because they inserted an authentication chip.  
129. Many people will not care, but I still chafe under the necessity of DRM, how I will lose most of the utility of my iTunes purchases if I ever abandon the iPod, the mandatory use of iTunes, etc..  
130. I guess Apple was sick of being undercut on video cables for the last-gen video iPod.  
131. So if you're buying a USB charger for your iPod, make sure it supports the newest models.Also, I've found the player to be somewhat buggy.  
132. All:I bought this iPod Nano 8 GB Black last month.  
133. Although this was an older model of the Apple iPod, it is just what I needed.  
134. I got my iPod four days after purchase and $50 for a used iPod is really pushing the value. 
135. This iPod was to replace a lost unit so I know how good they are and this iPod in particular is my favorite. 
136. This iPod was to replace a lost unit so I know how good they are and this iPod in particular is my favorite. 
137. ALL iPod's/iPhones come with standard earbuds that are uncomfortable and of poor sound quality. 
138. I hooked it up to the charger and it worked.The 4GB iPod got ran over, soaked and it still works almost as well as beforehand. 
139. It makes me wish I didn't jump the gun and buy the 8GB...but the moral of this story is that this type of iPod is VERY durable. 
140. Because the ipod is so compact, and so light weight, it can be stored easily. 
141. Yes, the clock shows up while music is playing and the screen is idle, but there are also times when I'm not using the iPod but I just want to glance at it to get the time and it would be nice if I could do this with less menu navigation.If you're looking for a good case for the 3rd gen nano, I recommend this:Contour Design Showcase nano V3 (Clear w/ Black Accents)Some tips:If you ever experience problems with your iPod nano, first try resetting by holding the center button and menu button down simultaneously for a few seconds. 
142. My granddaughter lost the new iPod I gave her several years ago, and wanted a "used" one this time in her goal of saving the earth.  
143. I had the original iPod and had quite a few problems with it sticking or should I say freezing.Love the size and the ease of use of this new unit. 
144. I think the Ipod and especially this new Nano make listening to music so much fun. 
145. The Ipod Nano 8gb is just great.  
146. It is easy to organize music and upload and sync music with this Ipod.The only shortcoming is that it should come with a dock, as it is so small that the weight of the USB cable is almost as heavy as the Ipod and sometimes pulls it off my desk.This is my first Ipod and I am truly impressed!
147. It is easy to organize music and upload and sync music with this Ipod.The only shortcoming is that it should come with a dock, as it is so small that the weight of the USB cable is almost as heavy as the Ipod and sometimes pulls it off my desk.This is my first Ipod and I am truly impressed!
148. It is easy to organize music and upload and sync music with this Ipod.The only shortcoming is that it should come with a dock, as it is so small that the weight of the USB cable is almost as heavy as the Ipod and sometimes pulls it off my desk.This is my first Ipod and I am truly impressed!
149. It was only 44.00$ great Ipod works great. 
150. But after that, I spent many frustrating hours watching my music conversed over from WMP to iTunes, and than trying to figure out how to put the music onto my new iPod.I made it harder than it was, to tell you the truth. 
151. I kept on checking and re-checking the little boxes next to the Tracks of music and after un-checking everything that loaded up, re-checked the ones that I wanted on my iPod and than finally figured out that you have to go to the name of your iPod and press the "magical," button Synchronize, which translates to burning the music onto this little, nifty device. 
152. So if anybody knows how to transfer Videos from that Music folder onto the iPod, please, let me know.Anyway, other than how long it takes for all that music, plus pictures, pod cast and anything else to "Synchronize," onto the Apple iPod, it is very convenient and compact, tiny and delicate yet stronger than its ancestors. 
153. I remember that one of my friend's had an older, bulkier version of the iPod, and holding that in my hands was like holding a brick. 
154. With this little dude, it's light, but might not be good for anybody with big hands or fingers.Before I received this iPod, I was using an MP3 Player and thought I could transfer my music directly from Window Media Player to my new iPod. 
155. I think the iPod should be more like the older MP3, just able to copy the music, video, whatever files from your folders on your computer and paste them in. 
156. But oh well, the iPod is enjoyable enough.
157. I also was able to add my CD music collection, download podcasts, add videos and have this all ready and waiting for when I received my iPod.By chance I had an extra plastic badge cover ( a work ID badge cover -the vertical type with the loop on the top)  and my iPod nano fit into this clear plastic sleeve perfectly.
158. I always wanted this ipod but when I had gone to the store to get it the next generation of ipod nanos was out so I got that instead. 
159. by now this is the latest addition of Apple IPOD to my collection. to be honest, as I already have a 160GB Classic and a 2GB (Nano 2nd Gen), i didn't really need it, but it being a gift, i didn't really mind. i wanted one that I could hook up with my Car stereo, and my Hon got this one from somewhere. it is a decent size, and not too expensive, contra my Classic, apart from the sentimental value, do land in the high cost end.right now I am carrying the ipod in my wallet, that goes in my back pocket, and so far no ill effects have been observed.compared to my previous ipods, the 2nd Gen Nano, it has the plus of Video capability and color and the size is more suitable for the pocket. as far as the CLassic is concerned, it is pretty much the exact same thing, except for the screen size and the storage capasity.the only drawback with the Ipods that i, along with the entire population of Ipod owners have observed is the cosmetique. the body is too acceptable to smudges and prints, and that is whether or not you inclose it in a case. i have my classic in silicon wrapper from day one, an last week i transfered it to a Belkin Hardcase, and the back side was all smudged and dirty.but for my condition, the option was a 32gb touch @ $350 or this 8gb Nano @ $0.00, so how difficult do you think the decision or choice was??? 
160. by now this is the latest addition of Apple IPOD to my collection. to be honest, as I already have a 160GB Classic and a 2GB (Nano 2nd Gen), i didn't really need it, but it being a gift, i didn't really mind. i wanted one that I could hook up with my Car stereo, and my Hon got this one from somewhere. it is a decent size, and not too expensive, contra my Classic, apart from the sentimental value, do land in the high cost end.right now I am carrying the ipod in my wallet, that goes in my back pocket, and so far no ill effects have been observed.compared to my previous ipods, the 2nd Gen Nano, it has the plus of Video capability and color and the size is more suitable for the pocket. as far as the CLassic is concerned, it is pretty much the exact same thing, except for the screen size and the storage capasity.the only drawback with the Ipods that i, along with the entire population of Ipod owners have observed is the cosmetique. the body is too acceptable to smudges and prints, and that is whether or not you inclose it in a case. i have my classic in silicon wrapper from day one, an last week i transfered it to a Belkin Hardcase, and the back side was all smudged and dirty.but for my condition, the option was a 32gb touch @ $350 or this 8gb Nano @ $0.00, so how difficult do you think the decision or choice was??? 
161. Ok, I'm in my mid 30's and this is my first ipod I have ever bought.  
162. I bought an Apple IPOD from Amazon, IPOD is good and Amazon service is excellent. 
163. I bought an Apple IPOD from Amazon, IPOD is good and Amazon service is excellent. 
164. I like the square size as opposed to the long, skinny size of the newer Nano's.Apple iPod nano 8 GB Black (3rd Generation)

negative sentences : 
1. While the storage size is plenty, it has no radio tuner and I have not yet been able to play downloaded music videos on my Ipod. 
2. Some slight issues but very minor issues are the buttons do seem to require a bit more pressure and the ipod doesn't work independently when connected to computer and Itunes.  
3. The Mac's are supposedly the most stable computers out there, but I honestly cannot say the same for the iPod Nano.I loved the design of this unit, and now apparently Apple has gone back to the ugly, longer design.  
4. It is not too bulky to slip into my pocket on the go like my iPhone or my previous iPod classic is.  
5. I own black Ipod Nano, my first impressions are very positive.My biggest concern before buying were colors and sound quality, this is my first ipod. 
6. I own black Ipod Nano, my first impressions are very positive.My biggest concern before buying were colors and sound quality, this is my first ipod. 
7. I bought black ipod because I didn't like how silver looked like and wasn't sure about other colors. 
8. Disappointing.Until they come clean, buy a Zune or something from Samsung (since ipod memory is from them anyway). 
9. this ipod is great i have yet to have any problems and i am glad i got it
10. So far I down loaded some songs but for some reason some of the songs are double on ipod.
11. Before i started to use the peice shipped to me i had an interesting experience which i penned below:I bought the 3g Ipod Nano black and it was only working when it was connected to the system. 
12. i just got this after giving away my black video ipod that had wayyy to much space for me. all of my movies go on here still with come space left..... and is not too small, but small enoughi would recommend this ipod than any other!
13. i just got this after giving away my black video ipod that had wayyy to much space for me. all of my movies go on here still with come space left..... and is not too small, but small enoughi would recommend this ipod than any other!
14. I must say that when I first opened the box, I had to search around inside to find the iPod.  
15. I was reluctant at first when the Ipod fever started all over the world....I said once that I would never buy an Ipod...I was too wrong and blind....this Nano is perfect...it's small, compact, stylish, useful, etc.Recommended 100%
16. I was reluctant at first when the Ipod fever started all over the world....I said once that I would never buy an Ipod...I was too wrong and blind....this Nano is perfect...it's small, compact, stylish, useful, etc.Recommended 100%
17. I own a video iPod, and have owned previous generation iPods, all of which I have found to be excellent products. 
18. Wheel looks BLACK. iPod looks dark charcoal.
19. When looked at this produced on your website it said Apple ipod nano 8gb black IN GOOD CONDITION. 
20. I haven't had a problem with it so far and I really do think this is worth your money if you want to replace an old ipod, or if you want to switch to Apple Ipod from a different music player. 
21. I haven't had a problem with it so far and I really do think this is worth your money if you want to replace an old ipod, or if you want to switch to Apple Ipod from a different music player. 
22. It seems to me that something as universal as the iPod ought to allow for other services.  
23. not a REGULAR ipod! 
24. I have owned or tried each successive generation of the iPod Nano, and I have found this one to be the best overall design, for ease of use and overall features I require. 
25. But I found my other ipod so- I like using this one as a "back-up" for when i leave my other one by accident.Aside from that it was deliver in a timely manner. 
26. Some album art shows up in iTunes on my PC but ends up as a black box on my iPod.  
27. It came in a nice litle case with a belt clip - this I was not expecting and kind of nice to have as the ipod was a gift.  
28. I went to turn it on and it wouldn't and I panicked that I purchased a broken ipod.  
29. I've owned 3 previous mp3 players and the iPod is by far the best I've used.  
30. I lost my other iPod of this style and model so I wanted to replace it. 
