
------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : cover, positive Score : 39 and negative Score :-5
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. See bottom of review*Pros:-Extremely durable case-Integrated screen protector (must be removed for use with Samsung Wireless charging cover)-Able to charge with case installed via PowerBot PB1020 charging pad (I had to use a 2.1 amp brick to make this work! 
2. OtterBox is the only phone cover for a teenager. 
3. First I will say that my cover is bright pink with a green liner and this was one of the combinations released later than the gray, black, navy blue, and camo ones so maybe they have fixed some of the other complaints? 
4. The cover is spongy so the volume control only works when pushed straight in with a thumbnail and with a noisy workplace it would be nice to change the speaker volume more easily. 
5. The screen cover is perfect for this phone and both the case and cover appear sturdy and should protect the phone well.I  have two slight concerns.  
6. The screen cover is perfect for this phone and both the case and cover appear sturdy and should protect the phone well.I  have two slight concerns.  
7. This is an awesome cover!! 
8. It is exactly as described, and the built in screen cover is a definite plus! 
9. I am very pleased with this cover and will recommend it to everybody. 
10. Also did not like the plastic top cover from otter box only because I had purchesed from Vorizon a top cover that kept it from getting smudges finger prints.  
11. Also did not like the plastic top cover from otter box only because I had purchesed from Vorizon a top cover that kept it from getting smudges finger prints.  
12. The cutouts are fine and no issues charging my phone with the otterbox cover being on.
13. This otterbox defender cover is great!  
14. The opening around the USB port cover is wide enough to allow for easy access.  
15. I love the way mine looks and the sturdy cover makes it easy to carry. 
16. PROS:- Durable (I should know, I've dropped it multiple times in the two weeks I've had it on the phone already)- Water Resistant- Slim (Doesn't add to much weight or bulk on to the already large phone)- Textured Backing (Makes it easier to grip when utilizing it)- Side Buttons are easy to use on caseCONS:- Not the easiest case to get on and off- The case can morph out of shape around the outlet areas (read that you can reheat the rubber and it will go back into shape though)- The headphone jack cover is a little difficult in opening/closing, but that's to ensure air tight quality
17. The Otterbox cover has her phone safe and secure.
18. Best cover ever. 
19. Fantastic screen cover and so professional looking. 
20. Great case but moisture gets under the front cover and creates &#34;bubbles.&#34; The pink cover gets dirty quickly and can't be cleaned. 
21. Great case but moisture gets under the front cover and creates &#34;bubbles.&#34; The pink cover gets dirty quickly and can't be cleaned. 
22. I just bought another cover because the pink looked so terrible so fast so only 4 stars for pink.
23. The battery charge port cover is tricky to open. 
24. So the clip is very functional.The USB cover is easy to access once it loosens up. 
25. This cover is great! 
26. The cons are the size and the screen cover gets little moisture pockets. 
27. The outside rubber cover seems to be wearing quite fast
28. With such good luck on prior Defenders, I decided to get one when I upgraded to the Galaxy S5.The good news: same rugged quality of construction on the S5 Defender case.The REALLY good news: when I added the Samsung OEM wireless charging back cover, I managed (with some effort and a small compromise) to get the Defender case to fit over the slightly larger back cover. 
29. With such good luck on prior Defenders, I decided to get one when I upgraded to the Galaxy S5.The good news: same rugged quality of construction on the S5 Defender case.The REALLY good news: when I added the Samsung OEM wireless charging back cover, I managed (with some effort and a small compromise) to get the Defender case to fit over the slightly larger back cover. 

negative sentences : 
1. All cutouts line up perfectly.- audio port has a cover which eliminates any junk from getting in the phone- heart beat monitor works perfect with this case. no issues at all- I initially had a problem with the fingerprint scanner. to eliminate that issue, the S5 allows up to 3 fingerprints to be stored each with 10 scans. 
2. I filled all three of my fingerprints with my thumb and it now works well for me.- the included screen cover is nice. 
3. Very Easy to attach and the plastic face cover is easy to clean. 
4. I feel like the plastic screen cover interferes with the touch screen feedback, even with the touch sensitivity option turned on.
5. But it is a bit bulky on an already large phone, and if I am working hard outside, and perspire, with my phone in my pocket, moisture from perspiration gets trapped under the protective lens cover.....so its not exactly water tight.On the other hand, if one drops their phone, this will give it the best chance of survival.Everyday with a suit, I would prefer a holster for my phone.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : product, positive Score : 33 and negative Score :-2
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Great product!
2. Great product! 
3. It is a great product for the money. .. 
4. Ok...so I am giving 4 starts, not because the product is bad, but because it could be better.The case is snug, the rubber outer casing is strong. 
5. Fantastic product!
6. I couldn't recommend this product enough,  and worth every penny.
7. I too was hesitant of purchasing this product, due to reviews such as &#34;Cut out not aligned&#34;. 
8. I consider this product to be perfect in every way possible.  
9. This version is awful.Samsung needs to partner with a company that makes and supports good product.  
10. First time I used this product, but rugged and easy to use. 
11. Very good product and the price was good also I would recommend this product to a friend good protection for your device.
12. Very good product and the price was good also I would recommend this product to a friend good protection for your device.
13. I did send pictures to Otterbox as well since it is an issue they need to look into.Also, this low rating is only for the product itself.The frustration free packaging from Amazon was nice and everything with the shipping was problem free.
14. I was skeptical about buying the product, due to some of the reviews. 
15. Great product
16. This is a great product! 
17. This product is outstanding. 
18. great product. 
19. This is a great quality product & was exactly what I was expecting from Otterbox.  
20. I struggled at first getting the phone inside, but very pleased with the product overall.
21. A very Good product. 
22. Great product, very durable! 
23. I don't know if this is a problem limited to a select few cases, or is typical of the product, but I do know that according to Otterbox's website, &#34;Customer Service is currently experiencing a high call volume and response times are greater than expected.&#34;  RMA looks to be a long, drawn-out process, too.So on to the problem:  When I assemble my case, the screen protector seems to have a ride height it maintains from the screen under it.  
24. great protection for phones. otterbox is the best product out there for phone protection. 
25. Too expensive but the best product out there. 
26. Awesome product, every aspect is well made. 
27. Very good product
28. Great product and great price
29. Unique well-made quality product provides good cell phone protection, but at somewhat pricy cost. 

negative sentences : 
1. OtterBox said there was nothing they could do for me so I had to shell out my deductible for a refurbed S4 and I use the BodyGlove ToughSuit now.I will NEVER purchase another product from this less than reputable company that doesn't stand behind its claims of how it protects your phone when using their products.
2. Overall great product for a good price. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : s5, positive Score : 43 and negative Score :-6
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. It is not too bulky and it is an exact fit to my Galaxy S5. 
2. Does this case fit the galaxy s5 active???
3. The Galaxy S5 does not have many options, so I went back. 
4. It was a little difficult to get apart so I could put my phone into it when I first got it but now that my new Samsung Galaxy S5 is in it, it looks awesome and is well protected.
5. I moved from an S4 with this same series case to an S5 with the case. 
6. If anyone has suggestions for a durable S5 case, please reply.
7. The Otterbein Defender Series for the Samsung Galaxy S5 is a very good case.  
8. My first is the weight of the Otterbox; however, the S5 is a bigger phone, and the weight is sort of understandable.My second concern relates to the belt/pants clip part of the Otterbox.  
9. This case adds a lot of width to the S5, which was already a big phone and almost makes this as big as the Galaxy Note with this case on. 
10. A bit bulky, but protects S5 well.
11. Had heard Otterbox was the best, got one for my daughter's new S5 (I bought a Spigen). 
12. I was excited to rip the package open to put my trusted Otterbox on my new galaxy s5. 
13. This case may make my Samsung Galaxy S5 even bigger than it already is but at least I know it is well protected.  
14. Its already paid for itself as I have dropped my new Galaxy S5 and it was perfect. 
15. Galaxy S5 is amazing. 
16. The S5 fits perfectly inside the case and the small added size makes the S5 easier to hold. 
17. It adds some much-needed bulk/grip to my amazing S5 phone!  
18. The Galaxy S5 is a large phone and this makes it even bigger.  
19. I just added this one to my new S5 and it slides around when it's face down.  
20. I had an upgrade and was able to get my Galaxy S5 for only $6.97 out of pocket! 
21. I just put my S5 in it's new case and am very impressed. 
22. Great for Galaxy S5, I had this same case for my note 2 and it was bulky this one is not bulky at all!
23. My s5 feels naked without it and the case protects it wonderfully even with me working construction full time. 
24. Good solid addition to the S5 would recommend it to any one who has a bad habit of dropping there device.
25. These fit great on the Samsung galaxy s5.
26. The buttons seem stiff, but from what I've read it's common at first on Otterbox cases.Overall, this case is a little pricey costing about 25% of the phone's cost after a contract renewal, but I feel it's definitely worth it (especially when you consider the alternative is paying full price for an s5 because yours broke in the middle of your contract). 
27. The Armor protected that iPhone nicely.That said, I like this case for what it is: more protection than the average phone case, at a price that won't break the bank.The Defender is smaller than the OtterBox armor, and that is a good thing, because the Galaxy S5 dwarfs my iPhone 4S and 5.  
28. With such good luck on prior Defenders, I decided to get one when I upgraded to the Galaxy S5.The good news: same rugged quality of construction on the S5 Defender case.The REALLY good news: when I added the Samsung OEM wireless charging back cover, I managed (with some effort and a small compromise) to get the Defender case to fit over the slightly larger back cover. 
29. With such good luck on prior Defenders, I decided to get one when I upgraded to the Galaxy S5.The good news: same rugged quality of construction on the S5 Defender case.The REALLY good news: when I added the Samsung OEM wireless charging back cover, I managed (with some effort and a small compromise) to get the Defender case to fit over the slightly larger back cover. 
30. I have had Otterbox cases on other cellphones, and had to have one on my new Galaxy S5. 
31. The Otterbox protects the more fragile plastic s5 and is virtually indestructible without being too thick.  
32. The Galaxy S5 is an expensive handheld personal device that needs solid protection. 
33. It is perfect for the Samsung galaxy s5.  
34. Otterbox delivers great quality again with the S5 Defender case.
35. The defender case for the Samsung Galaxy S5 is built a bit different and does not have the same or as many clips as the HTC Vivd to secure the phone in its case. 
36. Otterbox provides protection for the Samsung Galaxy S5, but the case is heavy and clunky.  

negative sentences : 
1. was shocked when i received this for my new S5. phone already quite large and this adds another 2-3 inches to the grip, plus super heavy, not good looking. screen protector touted by some as great is thinner than a plastic bag. would not recommend it at all, at any price...btw: $50 for this....what a rip-off...at least produce something worthwhile. must have cost them $2-4 in china to make this in volume...
2. I rate this a four because it is a $50 case with no kickstand and it doesn't do the S5 splash proof much justice. 
3. While my Galaxy S5 has been flawless,  cannot say the same for the Defender case. 
4. The finger print scanner on the S5 is very hard to use this Otterbox. 
5. The dust eventually builds up so much that it makes it difficult to use your s5 so you have to disassemble it every once in a while. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : cases, positive Score : 32 and negative Score :-10
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the case is kind of big but they didn't have this color option in the smaller Otterbox cases.
2. I'm not rough with phones or cases, so I see no reason why this case should look like I've had it for years.  
3. The S5 case has the ruggedness of the old iPhone 3G cases. 
4. I upgraded to an Otterbox from one of those ten dollar cases that's doing their best to imitate them, and I must say I'm pleased with the difference. 
5. This is our second Otterbox, and I feel much more comfortable with the protection it provides as opposed to other cases. 
6. After the hard plastic casing is in place, the softer rubber part of the case fits over that and snaps into place better than some less expensive cases I've tried. 
7. Ideally, a company like this should keep innovating and ensure customers continue to invest in new cases.That said, the protection level is still quite good - not quite &#34;feel fine dropping it&#34;, but I'd certainly wouldn't be too worried to throw my phone in a bag. 
8. Awesome, I love otter boxes, they make durable cases for all activities... hiking,  kayaking, babies, etc. 
9. I have been very impressed with Otterbox cases in the past for both my S3 and my S4. 
10. I have to keep glove sensitivity checked on two of the phones after putting them in the cases just to be able to use them as I could not get any of the icons to respond otherwise. 
11. This was not an issue with my prior Otterbox Galaxy Cases. 
12. Its not bulky and he really has a snug fit unlike other Otterbox cases. 
13. I love these cases and they have the best warranty on the market.
14. Definantly recommend this, otterbox is the best protective cases, and good value too too!
15. I always through they were too bulky and I like more fashionable cases for my wireless phones. 
16. I was a little hesitant at first when ordering this case due to the fact that the defender cases have been super bulky in the past. 
17. Much to my surprise, Otterbox and their Defender Series Cases have come a long way since I contemplated ordering one a few years ago. 
18. I love the built in screen protector as opposed to trying to line up the sticky screen protectors with a few of the cheaper cases. 
19. The buttons seem stiff, but from what I've read it's common at first on Otterbox cases.Overall, this case is a little pricey costing about 25% of the phone's cost after a contract renewal, but I feel it's definitely worth it (especially when you consider the alternative is paying full price for an s5 because yours broke in the middle of your contract). 
20. I don't know if this is a problem limited to a select few cases, or is typical of the product, but I do know that according to Otterbox's website, &#34;Customer Service is currently experiencing a high call volume and response times are greater than expected.&#34;  RMA looks to be a long, drawn-out process, too.So on to the problem:  When I assemble my case, the screen protector seems to have a ride height it maintains from the screen under it.  
21. I have had otterbox cases before with the HTC Vivd, which was a heavy cell phone in my opinion, which I had to replace twice because the case clips would break after normal wear & tear.  
22. I'm not a huge fan of the bulk that most protective cases provide, but if you want the utmost protection then the Defender is the way to go.  
23. On of the best cases ever made, I had many of phones and all of them have been in Otter Boxes. 
24. I have had Otterbox cases on other cellphones, and had to have one on my new Galaxy S5. 
25. It protects the phone as stated/claimed by manufacturer.However, my &#34;beef&#34; is with the alignment of the hole at the bottom of the screen, where the phone's center button protrudes out.So, either the case is off center or the phone's button is not in the middle.I will be taking a closer look at other cases from the same model to see if they have the same issue.However, in lieu of a LifeProof case for the S5; the otterbox defender is your only other tough case alternative.
26. You cannot go wrong with these cases. 

negative sentences : 
1. Also, it is still not possible to use wireless charging with these cases, which is a real shame. 
2. I have purchased Otter cases for my children's other phones and they have worked wonderfully. 
3. What can you say Otterbox is a quality product that does what it says we bought this for my wife she is really tough on cases and these cases really seem to be the benchmark for keeping our expensive cell phones safe. 
4. What can you say Otterbox is a quality product that does what it says we bought this for my wife she is really tough on cases and these cases really seem to be the benchmark for keeping our expensive cell phones safe. 
5. This is my first time trying Android, so I'm assuming that I'm probably just as likely to get another poorly designed case from another manufacturer now that I've left the iPhone fold.I did have higher expectations, especially for how much you pay for Otterbox cases, which is why I have the low stars. 
6. Have had many and no real complaints with these cases. 
7. I can't understand why people have black cases on black cell phones that look like everybody else's cell phones. 
8. My only complaint is that if something does get in between the screen protector and the screen, it's annoying to have in the way and taking this case off takes longer than other cases. 
9. Previous Defender cases had a closed &#34;bottom&#34; side of the holster, providing positive engagement when the phone was returned to the holster, and the latch/clasp was much larger, providing more solid engagement.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : protector, positive Score : 23 and negative Score :-12
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Fits the S5 perfectly buttons and all scanners are accessible only downside is the plastic screen protector does smudge and shows small rainbows on screen when display is off
2. It has complete protection for the screen and the phone itself without the need for a separate screen protector. 
3. If you want security in a dynamic protector / defender case, anything less than otterbox is a waste of money.
4. If they'd the screen protector fit a little more snug against the screen I feel this would have been alleviated. 
5. But the built in screen protector on this Otterbox works great, keeps my phone protected and that is fine for me right now. 
6. No bubbles like you would get with a self-applying adhesive protector, it doesn't look like theres anything covering my screen at all. 
7. The built in screen protector is awesome. 
8. Great phone protection, has built in screen protector which is nice. 
9. I didn't realize it comes with its own screen protector so I had bought him an extra screen protector. 
10. I didn't realize it comes with its own screen protector so I had bought him an extra screen protector. 
11. See bottom of review*Pros:-Extremely durable case-Integrated screen protector (must be removed for use with Samsung Wireless charging cover)-Able to charge with case installed via PowerBot PB1020 charging pad (I had to use a 2.1 amp brick to make this work! 
12. The second concern was the effect of the built in screen protector and the zagg screen protector I already had on the phone. 
13. The second concern was the effect of the built in screen protector and the zagg screen protector I already had on the phone. 
14. I snapped the screen on it and the rest of it and.... then decided to see how well I could get it off.Hahahahahaha... a bloody finger and more curse words later, it was off.It's on there now and I do have a regular peel and stick screen protector on it, so I never bothered to pick up one of the spares you can buy.It's a GOOD case, don't get me wrong. 
15. After that, it was  easy putting the phone in the case.The buttons feel good with the case on.The holster seems durable so far.The case works well with the fingerprint scanner.The sound is not obstructed during phone calls or music playing.I cant say much about the screen protector because I took it out. 
16. I just hit the button again until it works correctly.The screen protector is still smooth and my finger is able to glide across it effortlessly, which is nice since I am addicted to my phone and use it almost nonstop.I've talked several coworkers and friends into purchasing this case. 

negative sentences : 
1. The integrated screen protector lets me avoid those screen protectors that are nearly impossible to install without a bubble or two.
2. This issue renders the factory screen protector basically useless. 
3. The only way to make this go away is to take apart the case and wipe the inner part of screen protector and screen of phone. 
4. The built-in screen protector is as clear and distortion-free as having no protector on at all (much better than a Zagg). 
5. The built-in screen protector is as clear and distortion-free as having no protector on at all (much better than a Zagg). 
6. I bought mine from best buy first of all you cant use the fingerprint well since the case is so thick it block your way it makes it much more difficult and the screen protector on it has a lot of glare and other weird stuff reflecting off of it, it is very protective but the really need to change some stuff up about this case they really need to make this thinner and less heavy in my opinion!
7. I'm also not too keen on how the built-in screen protector gathers oil, but I'm really not keen on trying to line up a screen protector myself.All in all, I'd highly recommend this series... just bear in mind the blue.
8. With both the screen protector and black pad removed, I am able to close the case up without issue. 
9. was shocked when i received this for my new S5. phone already quite large and this adds another 2-3 inches to the grip, plus super heavy, not good looking. screen protector touted by some as great is thinner than a plastic bag. would not recommend it at all, at any price...btw: $50 for this....what a rip-off...at least produce something worthwhile. must have cost them $2-4 in china to make this in volume...
10. The built-in screen protector is awesome too.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : protection, positive Score : 63 and negative Score :-4
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. This is the third Otterbox I've used, and just like the first two it offers a lot of protection for a little bit of bulk.  
2. But the protection is good.
3. Awesome protection!!! 
4. Once again otterbox has provided the best protection for my cell. 
5. As it stands, the case protection is excellent, but usability leaves a lot to be desired. 
6. The IR blaster on the top of the phone is also still usable with the case on.That being said, aside from the straight protection the case offers and slight modifications of other features, I am disappointed in the waterproofing, or the lack thereof. 
7. This is the same great design and protection that I've come to expect from the brand, and I know my phone is safe from drops and dings while in the case. 
8. With such a rugged case and certain damage protection, It would only make sense that the plug cap maybe a bit hard to get to but how else would you protect the phone. 
9. Love the color and great protection! 
10. The absolute BEST cell phone protection case made as far as we are concerned. 
11. Case is lightweight without compromising protection.
12. This is my second otterbox so I expected the normal otterbox bulk and the excellent protection. 
13. This is our second Otterbox, and I feel much more comfortable with the protection it provides as opposed to other cases. 
14. This is an awesome case, provides protection for your phone from scratches and drops. 
15. Would recommend for great protection.
16. Other than this, I expect a long time of protection for my S5.
17. Regardless, the plastic/rubber housing still does provide good drop protection, as is expected from the Defender cases.  
18. The colors are nice and they do offer great protection. 
19. Fantastic protection.  
20. The protection is amazing.  
21. Additionally, since the S5 offers weather protection on its own, the value proposition of the Defender series is lost a little.
22. Ideally, a company like this should keep innovating and ensure customers continue to invest in new cases.That said, the protection level is still quite good - not quite &#34;feel fine dropping it&#34;, but I'd certainly wouldn't be too worried to throw my phone in a bag. 
23. Very good product and the price was good also I would recommend this product to a friend good protection for your device.
24. Very easy to use, excellent protection, slim design very attractive without appearing bulky. 
25. It has complete protection for the screen and the phone itself without the need for a separate screen protector. 
26. It does add much bulk and weight but for the protection it's worth it.
27. It has worked but its great have funn getting it is have extra protection :)  lol i dont know what to write
28. It does add to the size of the phone a bit, but worth it for the protection.
29. The Armor protected that iPhone nicely.That said, I like this case for what it is: more protection than the average phone case, at a price that won't break the bank.The Defender is smaller than the OtterBox armor, and that is a good thing, because the Galaxy S5 dwarfs my iPhone 4S and 5.  
30. great protection for phones. otterbox is the best product out there for phone protection. 
31. This case is extremely thin for the protection it seems to offer. 
32. Protect you phone with this case , is a little bulky but great look and great protection level I love it
33. I am happy with the protection it provides.  
34. Simply superb quality protection from every angle.  
35. I find myself wanting to say to everyone I pass by ,&#34; I have the new cool otterbox, na na na nana.&#34;I can't help it it is simply the best protection for my screen, I love that it is actually a total wrapper for my of so expensive phone. 
36. I feel that if I drop the phone, it has a good protection.  
37. For me is fantastic and the best in the market: Otterbox defender is the best of the best for full protection. 
38. Good protection and it looks good since I take is where ever I go.  
39. Total protection.
40. In the meantime, I will be satisfied with the good protection this case offers, even with its small flaws.
41. Unique well-made quality product provides good cell phone protection, but at somewhat pricy cost. 
42. The level of protection it gives is super.The only negatives I would say - it makes the phone HUGE, and it is not easy to figure out how to get it on the phone.  
43. For maximum phone protection, this is the case you want.  
44. The case is a heavy duty rubbery plastic that is easy to grip & provides good protection.
45. Great phone protection, has built in screen protector which is nice. 
46. It makes the phone a lot bigger but offers the protection that you'd expect. 
47. Great protection. 
48. It's definitely much sleeker than I was expecting but still gives excellent protection. 
49. Highly highly recommend for those who desire the absolute best in protection.
50. The Galaxy S5 is an expensive handheld personal device that needs solid protection. 
51. If you don't mind the increase is the size, then I recommend this case because, as a unit, it does offer extra protection.
52. I'm not a huge fan of the bulk that most protective cases provide, but if you want the utmost protection then the Defender is the way to go.  
53. While I was ordering the case I was worried that it would be too bulky, but this does offer great protection for the phone without adding too much bulk.

negative sentences : 
1. Excellent protection and not a lot of bulk. 
2. Provides good protection and not as bulky as I expected it to be. 
3. The overall protection is good. 
4. A nice snug fit, not to bulky considering the level of protection it offers. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : screen, positive Score : 43 and negative Score :-21
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I'very been getting the &#34;oil slick&#34; effect under the screen protector. 
2. The holster will keep it secure And it has a stand though it feels hard to release and set up.Summery: I am fairly active, dislike having to replace screen protectors, and have medium sized hands.  
3. The cons are the size and the screen cover gets little moisture pockets. 
4. I didn't realize it comes with its own screen protector so I had bought him an extra screen protector. 
5. I didn't realize it comes with its own screen protector so I had bought him an extra screen protector. 
6. Great phone protection, has built in screen protector which is nice. 
7. All the covering buttons for sound, turning screen on/off are smooth, and the opening in the screen protector for the home button fits perfectly over the button itself, not at all off centered like others have said. 
8. The built in screen protector is awesome. 
9. I am partial to the built in screen cover. 
10. If they'd the screen protector fit a little more snug against the screen I feel this would have been alleviated. 
11. The screen cover is perfect for this phone and both the case and cover appear sturdy and should protect the phone well.I  have two slight concerns.  
12. It has complete protection for the screen and the phone itself without the need for a separate screen protector. 
13. It has complete protection for the screen and the phone itself without the need for a separate screen protector. 
14. It is exactly as described, and the built in screen cover is a definite plus! 
15. The phone and screen are perfect.
16. But the screen is superior to both.  
17. I am not a huge fan of the clear built in protective screen across the face.  
18. He really loves how the case protects the whole phone, even the front screen. 
19. Fits the S5 perfectly buttons and all scanners are accessible only downside is the plastic screen protector does smudge and shows small rainbows on screen when display is off
20. Fits the S5 perfectly buttons and all scanners are accessible only downside is the plastic screen protector does smudge and shows small rainbows on screen when display is off
21. I've had this case on my so now for a while and as usual I've dropped it a few times and it works great and I'm confident my screen won't crack and it's safe when I drop it. 
22. See bottom of review*Pros:-Extremely durable case-Integrated screen protector (must be removed for use with Samsung Wireless charging cover)-Able to charge with case installed via PowerBot PB1020 charging pad (I had to use a 2.1 amp brick to make this work! 
23. The second concern was the effect of the built in screen protector and the zagg screen protector I already had on the phone. 
24. The second concern was the effect of the built in screen protector and the zagg screen protector I already had on the phone. 
25. I find myself wanting to say to everyone I pass by ,&#34; I have the new cool otterbox, na na na nana.&#34;I can't help it it is simply the best protection for my screen, I love that it is actually a total wrapper for my of so expensive phone. 
26. Wonderful all around cannot express into words definitely worth the money:) fits so nicely into the middle case without havingbto scratch the initial screen.
27. I just hit the button again until it works correctly.The screen protector is still smooth and my finger is able to glide across it effortlessly, which is nice since I am addicted to my phone and use it almost nonstop.I've talked several coworkers and friends into purchasing this case. 
28. I love the built in screen protector as opposed to trying to line up the sticky screen protectors with a few of the cheaper cases. 
29. The screen functions work great through the protective layer. 
30. After that, it was  easy putting the phone in the case.The buttons feel good with the case on.The holster seems durable so far.The case works well with the fingerprint scanner.The sound is not obstructed during phone calls or music playing.I cant say much about the screen protector because I took it out. 
31. Fantastic screen cover and so professional looking. 
32. I snapped the screen on it and the rest of it and.... then decided to see how well I could get it off.Hahahahahaha... a bloody finger and more curse words later, it was off.It's on there now and I do have a regular peel and stick screen protector on it, so I never bothered to pick up one of the spares you can buy.It's a GOOD case, don't get me wrong. 

negative sentences : 
1. The only way to make this go away is to take apart the case and wipe the inner part of screen protector and screen of phone. 
2. This issue renders the factory screen protector basically useless. 
3. (The phone was face down, so that is probably what saved the screen) I have seen many of my friends phones broken by an accidental drop. 
4. The integrated screen protector lets me avoid those screen protectors that are nearly impossible to install without a bubble or two.
5. The integrated screen protector lets me avoid those screen protectors that are nearly impossible to install without a bubble or two.
6. -The case is grippy without sticking to pockets.Cons:-The lip around the front of the screen makes the fingerprint scanner difficult to use, but it will work as long as you drag your finger across both the sensor and don't roll up to your fingertip at the lip.
7. The front cutout on the screen where the home button is way off. 
8. The built-in screen protector is as clear and distortion-free as having no protector on at all (much better than a Zagg). 
9. I bought mine from best buy first of all you cant use the fingerprint well since the case is so thick it block your way it makes it much more difficult and the screen protector on it has a lot of glare and other weird stuff reflecting off of it, it is very protective but the really need to change some stuff up about this case they really need to make this thinner and less heavy in my opinion!
10. I feel like the plastic screen cover interferes with the touch screen feedback, even with the touch sensitivity option turned on.
11. My only complaint is that if something does get in between the screen protector and the screen, it's annoying to have in the way and taking this case off takes longer than other cases. 
12. Some have complained about the buttons not lining up, but I had no problems, mine works great, or the touch screen not being sensitive enough...again, mine is set at the factory setting and I'm experiencing no problems. 
13. I filled all three of my fingerprints with my thumb and it now works well for me.- the included screen cover is nice. 
14. I'm also not too keen on how the built-in screen protector gathers oil, but I'm really not keen on trying to line up a screen protector myself.All in all, I'd highly recommend this series... just bear in mind the blue.
15. With both the screen protector and black pad removed, I am able to close the case up without issue. 
16. was shocked when i received this for my new S5. phone already quite large and this adds another 2-3 inches to the grip, plus super heavy, not good looking. screen protector touted by some as great is thinner than a plastic bag. would not recommend it at all, at any price...btw: $50 for this....what a rip-off...at least produce something worthwhile. must have cost them $2-4 in china to make this in volume...
17. The built-in screen protector is awesome too.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : phone, positive Score : 168 and negative Score :-24
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. He really loves how the case protects the whole phone, even the front screen. 
2. It's held up great and kept my phone very safe :).  
3. It fits good on the phone and doesn't make it feel bulky. 
4. I use this case for my personal phone, and I also buy these for all of my company's phones at work. 
5. I have a tendency to drop my phone, so when I got my new phone, my first purchase was this case.  
6. And since it is so well protected, your phone basically stays brand new. 
7. It does make the phone larger.  
8. It's great,  it protects the phone totally, and also makes the phone easier to pick up and hold. 
9. It's great,  it protects the phone totally, and also makes the phone easier to pick up and hold. 
10. The Otterbox cover has her phone safe and secure.
11. The Otterbox Defender is by far the best phone case available.  
12. This latest design has improved the useablilty of the case making removal for cleaning and access to the back of the phone much easier than the previous case I had for my Razr Maxx.  
13. It provides out standing protection, while making my phone look great.
14. It provides good security for my phone, I have a porcelain floor that destroys anything that I drop on it, but this case protects my phone.
15. Just what I needed to protect my new phone.Pros:  Fits well.  
16. Belt clip seems very sturdyCons:  It's big, on a big phone, so your phone is going to seem huge.  
17. Belt clip seems very sturdyCons:  It's big, on a big phone, so your phone is going to seem huge.  
18. I feel that if I drop the phone, it has a good protection.  
19. I find myself wanting to say to everyone I pass by ,&#34; I have the new cool otterbox, na na na nana.&#34;I can't help it it is simply the best protection for my screen, I love that it is actually a total wrapper for my of so expensive phone. 
20. The Phone works great. 
21. Protects my phone from my normal everyday goof/flub-ups. 
22. The headphone jack is covered but the way the flap unfolds to reveal the port seems more suited for the &#34;L&#34; shaped headphone connectors rather than the straight ones that the phone comes with has. 
23. loving this Otterbox drop my phone in water still working great. 
24. Both of these products combined really make for an almost indestructible phone!
25. This has been a huge phone saver! 
26. fits right and protects the phone great. 
27. I'm also thinking that when I buy a new case, I should probably just buy a new phone too because I'm not sure I can get this thing off again. 
28. It keeps my phone clean and safe.
29. It's the right color and fits my phone perfectly. 
30. Had an Otterbox for my old phone and I was excited to get one for my new one in the color I wanted.
31. I actually like the added &#34;bulk&#34; so I have something better to grab onto vs. the slick/thin phone.  
32. I feel like it's protecting the phone so well that I don't worry leaving my phone with my 2 year old or 5 year old boys.  
33. After that, it was  easy putting the phone in the case.The buttons feel good with the case on.The holster seems durable so far.The case works well with the fingerprint scanner.The sound is not obstructed during phone calls or music playing.I cant say much about the screen protector because I took it out. 
34. I struggled at first getting the phone inside, but very pleased with the product overall.
35. Needs better design to fit the phone and work properly.  
36. Since phone relatively new...this was one of the 1st places I could find the colors-and was cheaper than the Otterbox webpage.
37. The protection that it gives your phone is well worth it. 
38. I had an otterbox with my bionic for 3 years and that phone still looks brand new. 
39. The build quality is superb and should protect the phone very well! 
40. I just hit the button again until it works correctly.The screen protector is still smooth and my finger is able to glide across it effortlessly, which is nice since I am addicted to my phone and use it almost nonstop.I've talked several coworkers and friends into purchasing this case. 
41. I took great care during the installation of this, watching in wonder as a phone that was a little larger than my S3 turned into something the size of a dash-mount GPS from a decade ago.It's sturdily built, and I've no complaints in quality of workmanship.  
42. Previously, I had an Otterbox for an older phone which did protect it very well but the outer coating was mostly hard plastic.  
43. Since I have to wear scrubs most of the time, my old phone would fall out of my pocket constantly.  
44. It has a screen protector that has an opening for the fingerprint scanner which allows for pocket lint and dirt to work its way underneath and inadvertently makes the phone look a little gross at times.  
45. great protection for phones. otterbox is the best product out there for phone protection. 
46. 2 days later I put the phone in my back pocket and realized that somehow the coloring from my jeans had stained the rubber. 
47. I got it mainly because it comes with a belt clip, and the GS5 is a pretty big phone to carry in your pocket, especially as the days get warmer.It seems to attract and hold dust a lot.  
48. The headphone jack on this phone is waterproof anyway, and there's a very big cutout in the bottom to access the charging port.
49. Its a good durable phone case. 
50. Might make phone a little bulky but i know my phone is reasonably safe in it
51. Might make phone a little bulky but i know my phone is reasonably safe in it
52. This one is much prettier than others I've had and my phone is thus distinctive. 
53. I purchased this case for my son and it's already too loose for his phone. 
54. The Armor protected that iPhone nicely.That said, I like this case for what it is: more protection than the average phone case, at a price that won't break the bank.The Defender is smaller than the OtterBox armor, and that is a good thing, because the Galaxy S5 dwarfs my iPhone 4S and 5.  
55. If you run over your phone protected by THIS case, you are going to need a new phone AND a new case.For ordinary drops and spills, however, this one should work just fine.Opening the case proved to be a minor challenge. 
56. Unique well-made quality product provides good cell phone protection, but at somewhat pricy cost. 
57. Positioning of the phone is very easy, it fits the charging cradle perfectly and charges at the proper rate (about half as fast as a wired connection to a 2 amp adapter).
58. While I was ordering the case I was worried that it would be too bulky, but this does offer great protection for the phone without adding too much bulk.
59. I have had otterbox cases before with the HTC Vivd, which was a heavy cell phone in my opinion, which I had to replace twice because the case clips would break after normal wear & tear.  
60. Fits the phone great and protects it from just about anything mother nature can throw at it.  
61. If you're going to buy a new phone, you want to make sure it's well protected and that the screen protector doesn't take away from your viewing experience. 
62. After putting the S5 into the defender I realized that it really adds to the size as compared the actual size of the phone.  
63. This might be a deal breaker for some folks though.For my needs, the Otterbox case is the only way to carry my phone around.
64. The Samsung Galaxy s5 unfortunately is not a metal housing like the comparable HTC phone or upcoming Sony Xperia.  
65. This case should protect my phone from normal and accidental wear and tear. 
66. I feel comfortable that my phone would survive a fall in this case.
67. The Otterbox case was slightly damaged, but his phone was fine! 
68. The case is a perfect fit for my phone. 
69. It does add some bulkiness to an already big phone, but the case protects the phone very well. 
70. Fits the phone well and feels good in hand. 
71. I recommend this product to anyone who needs to protect their investment ( expensive phone). 
72. The fit around the phone is excellent, outer layer is rubber inner is plastic, the white will probably not stain due to this. 
73. It makes the phone a lot bigger but offers the protection that you'd expect. 
74. Great phone protection, has built in screen protector which is nice. 
75. Keeps my phone looking good because it doesn't get all scratched up.
76. The ear area is a little sharp at first when talking on the phone.  
77. I am rather clumsy and the 50 bucks now will save you the cost of a new phone or upgrade fee later.
78. The only part of the phone exposed is the metal flap where you plug the cord in, which I find to be critical.
79. The only part of the phone that is somewhat exposed is the metal flap where you plug the cord in, but otherwise everything is covered and protected. 
80. PROS:- Durable (I should know, I've dropped it multiple times in the two weeks I've had it on the phone already)- Water Resistant- Slim (Doesn't add to much weight or bulk on to the already large phone)- Textured Backing (Makes it easier to grip when utilizing it)- Side Buttons are easy to use on caseCONS:- Not the easiest case to get on and off- The case can morph out of shape around the outlet areas (read that you can reheat the rubber and it will go back into shape though)- The headphone jack cover is a little difficult in opening/closing, but that's to ensure air tight quality
81. For maximum phone protection, this is the case you want.  
82. It does add to the size of the phone a bit, but worth it for the protection.
83. Again, the case for the phone is first rate, and few consumers want a holster as heavy as I need it, but wanted to point it out nonetheless.
84. But the built in screen protector on this Otterbox works great, keeps my phone protected and that is fine for me right now. 
85. Would not use the phone without it.At first it seemed to big but I have gotten used to this now.
86. Very nice design, protects the phone as advertised. 
87. OtterBox is the only phone cover for a teenager. 
88. The Galaxy S5 is a large phone and this makes it even bigger.  
89. The absolute BEST cell phone protection case made as far as we are concerned. 
90. My husband is a plumber construction worker and farmer and after using a Defender case on his last phone for 2 yrs, when we removed it the phone still looked like brand new, despite its constant abuse over the yrs.  
91. My husband is a plumber construction worker and farmer and after using a Defender case on his last phone for 2 yrs, when we removed it the phone still looked like brand new, despite its constant abuse over the yrs.  
92. No complaints here have already dropped this unit out of my truck and the case did exactly what it was suppose too and the phone is fine.
93. -The case weighs around the same as the phone and adds a little bulk.
94. This is the same great design and protection that I've come to expect from the brand, and I know my phone is safe from drops and dings while in the case. 
95. If you're clumsy with your phone, or just want to be sure it's safe, this is the case for you.The design of the case is pretty straightforward and consistent with the Defender if you've ever had a OtterBox before. 
96. The IR blaster on the top of the phone is also still usable with the case on.That being said, aside from the straight protection the case offers and slight modifications of other features, I am disappointed in the waterproofing, or the lack thereof. 
97. It sort of undermines the appeal of a waterproof phone if you have to take it apart, dry it out, and then put it back together again every time it gets wet.If you plan on using the phone in any environment that has potential for getting wet, I'd recommend you take the case off first, which makes me wonder what the point of the case is. 
98. For the money, it could be worth a little more, but I'm happy if those are the only two issues with my phone case... :)
99. The case shouldn't interfere with basic functionality of the phone.I use my phone for my business with the Square Reader, and was annoyed to find that the reader won't work with the case. 
100. My last phone and case I had for almost 6 years and it looked mildly used when I treated myself to a new phone and this Otterbox, so imagine my shock when my case already needs replaced because it's not holding up.
101. My last phone and case I had for almost 6 years and it looked mildly used when I treated myself to a new phone and this Otterbox, so imagine my shock when my case already needs replaced because it's not holding up.
102. It makes your phone look bigger and bulky but I rather that than have to buy a new phone
103. It makes your phone look bigger and bulky but I rather that than have to buy a new phone
104. My phone is very protected and I am very happy.
105. Love how my pink Otterbox Defender protects my phone. 
106. Our last one fit the HTC phone, and did a great job protecting it for about 2 years, and would still be doing its job had we not changed phones. 
107. I called otterbox,  and had taken pictures of the flaw, and the very helpful person on the phone took my information,  and said she would send an email straight away. 
108. I got black so it blends in with my phone perfect. 
109. The screen cover is perfect for this phone and both the case and cover appear sturdy and should protect the phone well.I  have two slight concerns.  
110. The screen cover is perfect for this phone and both the case and cover appear sturdy and should protect the phone well.I  have two slight concerns.  
111. My first is the weight of the Otterbox; however, the S5 is a bigger phone, and the weight is sort of understandable.My second concern relates to the belt/pants clip part of the Otterbox.  
112. The case has 3 components to it, the hard plastic inner shell which prevents any immediate damage to the phone itself. 
113. This case adds a lot of width to the S5, which was already a big phone and almost makes this as big as the Galaxy Note with this case on. 
114. The added bulk however is a concern for me that even with larger hands it does change the size of the phone in a noticeable manner.
115. Case seems pretty solid for protecting the phone, and the outer case is fairly slip resistant.  
116. The plastic two piece holder which you place your phone in doesn't connect tightly, feels real loose over the phone before placing it in the rubber outside protection price. 
117. It is so disappointing to have to pay to repair a phone that is brand new because it wasn't protected as it should have. 
118. Ideally, a company like this should keep innovating and ensure customers continue to invest in new cases.That said, the protection level is still quite good - not quite &#34;feel fine dropping it&#34;, but I'd certainly wouldn't be too worried to throw my phone in a bag. 
119. Very sturdy and protects the phone well.  
120. It seems to be the only case available that won't allow me to destroy another expensive phone. 
121. It was a must after I drop my last phone
122. Fits perfect, will keep the phone protected, quality is amazing, a little bit pricey but worth the money, highly recommend
123. My daughter loves my phone and is now able to play with it without braking it!
124. I view it as cheap insurance for a very expensive phone.A few others have noticed the cons: it slides around when the phone is placed face down. 
125. But when I realized the condition of my phone when I went to replace it I decided to protect my new phone. 
126. When you remove the case the phone looks brand new. 
127. I know you are not suppose to drop your phone, but I am a busy person.  
128. I love the color and it makes the phone easier to hold onto.
129. The holster work's great and holds the phone securely.
130. Worth the money to protect a expensive phone.
131. I really love this otterbox i am looking for a Batman otterbox but this is very strong and easy to access the phone with it on
132. Its the best phone case I have ever had. 
133. I've had this for a couple of weeks and it has already saved my phone from an unfortunate drop on the concrete.The case makes good contact with all the internal button, and doesn't had a lot of bulk to it. 
134. Yea, it makes an already massive phone even bigger, but if your getting this case ergonomics arent the first thing on your mind. 
135. Otherwise this case is great for your phone and I would recommend it.
136. awesome case love the rubber feel wont slip out my hand when holding. a little big but it protects my new galaxy 5 phone very well I recommend this case for anyone who wants to protect their phone. 
137. The phone and screen are perfect.
138. this otterbox is just great I feel my phone now is complete.i thought it would be too big ,but it isn't.
139. I love the otterbox and feel that it does a great job protecting my phone.  
140. The cutouts are fine and no issues charging my phone with the otterbox cover being on.
141. It adds some much-needed bulk/grip to my amazing S5 phone!  
142. It definitely protects your phone, there were only a couple things I was dissappear in. 

negative sentences : 
1. was shocked when i received this for my new S5. phone already quite large and this adds another 2-3 inches to the grip, plus super heavy, not good looking. screen protector touted by some as great is thinner than a plastic bag. would not recommend it at all, at any price...btw: $50 for this....what a rip-off...at least produce something worthwhile. must have cost them $2-4 in china to make this in volume...
2. I also love the case in general, I know my phone is protected and safe. 
3. Everything lines up perfect and the on/off and sound up/down buttons are actually easier to use with the otterbox on then before I put it on.I may actually love this thing almost more than my phone, well .... almost.The Aqua cooler is perfect for summer . 
4. It was hell to put on, but it protects my phone with how many times I've dropped it and not a single scratch.
5. I wouldn't trust my phone to any other brand.
6. This case has definitely protected my phone against my toddler's destructive ways on numerous occasions. 
7. Have dropped the phone a few times and nothing has been damaged. 
8. Does make the phone heavier and thicker, but well worth the cost of damage or breakage.
9. Hard to get the phone out with one hand. 
10. Likewise, the speakers (on the front and rear of the phone) are unprotected.  
11. Does not make the phone feel bulky. 
12. Cheap insurance for an expensive phone.
13. I had one for my previous phone and ordered this one as soon as I got the galaxy s5.  
14. I am a bit clumsy and do drop my phone from time to time, but I have no worries whenever I drop my phone with the Otterbox case!
15. If you like your thin phone, this case is not for you. 
16. My hands are small and I have a hard time handling the phone using this case.  
17. Does not make the phone overly bulky. would buy again.
18. I work in a job that can be dirty and the phone is well protected and easy to clean off if things get messy. 
19. But it is a bit bulky on an already large phone, and if I am working hard outside, and perspire, with my phone in my pocket, moisture from perspiration gets trapped under the protective lens cover.....so its not exactly water tight.On the other hand, if one drops their phone, this will give it the best chance of survival.Everyday with a suit, I would prefer a holster for my phone.  
20. Yea there is slightly, slightly, more of the phone showing on the bottom of the home button as there is on the top side of it. 
21. I have pretty good sized hands and it's hard to use the phone with one hand with the case on.  
22. Its not much bigger then the phone. 
23. The holster only tenuously holds the phone at 4 corners, and with a very small latch/clasp, that provides minimal engagement of the phone.  
24. Previous Defender cases had a closed &#34;bottom&#34; side of the holster, providing positive engagement when the phone was returned to the holster, and the latch/clasp was much larger, providing more solid engagement.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : case, positive Score : 221 and negative Score :-42
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. He really loves how the case protects the whole phone, even the front screen. 
2. This is the best smartphone case!
3. Great case like all of Otterbox designs. 
4. I'm not in need of 100% water proof phone,  which my Samsung Galaxy 5s is water resistant anyway, so this is a nice case for everyday use.
5. I haven't had the issue with it getting too dirty like many have said, and I have the pink and white case. 
6. See bottom of review*Pros:-Extremely durable case-Integrated screen protector (must be removed for use with Samsung Wireless charging cover)-Able to charge with case installed via PowerBot PB1020 charging pad (I had to use a 2.1 amp brick to make this work! 
7. Anything smaller resulted in intermittent functionality)Cons:-Expensive-Large, bulky-Silicone buttons did not line up with the buttons on the phone out of the box, but work fine after modifying & installing Samsung Wireless charging cover*To make this function with the Samsung Wireless Charging cover, I had to remove 2 pieces of the case: a small black pad is installed inside the rigid plastic shell portion of the case. 
8. I don't love this case because it is bulky but it certainly is protective. 
9. I use this case for my personal phone, and I also buy these for all of my company's phones at work. 
10. I have a tendency to drop my phone, so when I got my new phone, my first purchase was this case.  
11. I found that my Square credit card reader does not fit when the outer case is on, and fits on a funny angle when the inner case is on.  
12. I found that my Square credit card reader does not fit when the outer case is on, and fits on a funny angle when the inner case is on.  
13. perfect case... perfect packaging
14. The Otterbox Defender is by far the best phone case available.  
15. This latest design has improved the useablilty of the case making removal for cleaning and access to the back of the phone much easier than the previous case I had for my Razr Maxx.  
16. The case actually isn't too bulky. 
17. Had to get a replacement for the first case. 
18. Well...it is a very solid case... and I know and feel like it could withstand a five foot drop. 
19. i got the case before the phone was delivered & had to go to a verizon store to get the outer case separated from the 2 halves.snaps on the clam shells didn't snap together all around like my s3 case but outer shell was ez to install. outer shell is like ballistic nylon, very stiff & not as pliable as the s3 defender & therefore not as ez to remove as the s3 but still provides a lot of protection.
20. i got the case before the phone was delivered & had to go to a verizon store to get the outer case separated from the 2 halves.snaps on the clam shells didn't snap together all around like my s3 case but outer shell was ez to install. outer shell is like ballistic nylon, very stiff & not as pliable as the s3 defender & therefore not as ez to remove as the s3 but still provides a lot of protection.
21. I just got my gs5 as an upgrade from my gs2 (yeah I know) and this case is great. 
22. One other con is that the positioning of the bottom button in combination with how the case is designed makes pressing the home key a little more cumbersome than it would be with a smaller case. 
23. I'm not giving a negative review on this case, I'm just stating facts from my experience with it that a buyer may want to take into consideration. 
24. Wonderful all around cannot express into words definitely worth the money:) fits so nicely into the middle case without havingbto scratch the initial screen.
25. I just put my S5 in it's new case and am very impressed. 
26. Great for Galaxy S5, I had this same case for my note 2 and it was bulky this one is not bulky at all!
27. In a nutshell, the case is very rugged and seems as though it will protect the phone, which is the point. 
28. I personally wouldn't have chosen this case if I'd been aware of these issues when I was in the Verizon store, with the sales clerk urging me to buy this case; should have done my research!
29. I snapped the screen on it and the rest of it and.... then decided to see how well I could get it off.Hahahahahaha... a bloody finger and more curse words later, it was off.It's on there now and I do have a regular peel and stick screen protector on it, so I never bothered to pick up one of the spares you can buy.It's a GOOD case, don't get me wrong. 
30. I'm also thinking that when I buy a new case, I should probably just buy a new phone too because I'm not sure I can get this thing off again. 
31. After two other delivery attempts, I now have my case.The UPS driver that delivers my route has the exact same case and touts how great it is. 
32. The case is extremely sturdy and now that I know to clean it with simple soap and water and to sanitize it with Sani-Wipes, I'm all set and ready to roll!
33. Original case and packaging. beautiful color and good quality. 
34. The best case in the market! 
35. Great case but moisture gets under the front cover and creates &#34;bubbles.&#34; The pink cover gets dirty quickly and can't be cleaned. 
36. My s5 feels naked without it and the case protects it wonderfully even with me working construction full time. 
37. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the case is kind of big but they didn't have this color option in the smaller Otterbox cases.
38. This time, the plastic looks and feel more durable.The case was a bit tough getting it out of the case the first time. 
39. This time, the plastic looks and feel more durable.The case was a bit tough getting it out of the case the first time. 
40. After that, it was  easy putting the phone in the case.The buttons feel good with the case on.The holster seems durable so far.The case works well with the fingerprint scanner.The sound is not obstructed during phone calls or music playing.I cant say much about the screen protector because I took it out. 
41. After that, it was  easy putting the phone in the case.The buttons feel good with the case on.The holster seems durable so far.The case works well with the fingerprint scanner.The sound is not obstructed during phone calls or music playing.I cant say much about the screen protector because I took it out. 
42. After that, it was  easy putting the phone in the case.The buttons feel good with the case on.The holster seems durable so far.The case works well with the fingerprint scanner.The sound is not obstructed during phone calls or music playing.I cant say much about the screen protector because I took it out. 
43. Its a nice case ,Its nice  and sturdy  pretty color.Thank you otterbox
44. Good sturdy case. 
45. Great case. 
46. Protect you phone with this case , is a little bulky but great look and great protection level I love it
47. I was a little hesitant at first when ordering this case due to the fact that the defender cases have been super bulky in the past. 
48. This case is extremely thin for the protection it seems to offer. 
49. The buttons seem stiff, but from what I've read it's common at first on Otterbox cases.Overall, this case is a little pricey costing about 25% of the phone's cost after a contract renewal, but I feel it's definitely worth it (especially when you consider the alternative is paying full price for an s5 because yours broke in the middle of your contract). 
50. *****UPDATE: 7/8/2014 - I've had this case for a little over 3 months now and I still really like it! 
51. Great case, very very bulky, hopfully that will be enough to protect it.If the fingerprint scanner is a must have for you. 
52. This a great case for the Samsung Galaxy S5 phone.
53. It's a nice case but the sides don't snap on the tight and I have to take the case off when charging in my car
54. Case is large, certainly, but as are all cases of this type.  
55. Its a good durable phone case. 
56. I like the case for its build and easy to hold.Dislike that is bulky, color is dull and it covers the Samsung sign.Also the screen built has a rainbow ones installed.
57. It isn't a waterproof case (but fortunately, the Samsung Galaxy S5 it is protecting IS waterproof).  
58. The Armor protected that iPhone nicely.That said, I like this case for what it is: more protection than the average phone case, at a price that won't break the bank.The Defender is smaller than the OtterBox armor, and that is a good thing, because the Galaxy S5 dwarfs my iPhone 4S and 5.  
59. The Armor protected that iPhone nicely.That said, I like this case for what it is: more protection than the average phone case, at a price that won't break the bank.The Defender is smaller than the OtterBox armor, and that is a good thing, because the Galaxy S5 dwarfs my iPhone 4S and 5.  
60. If you run over your phone protected by THIS case, you are going to need a new phone AND a new case.For ordinary drops and spills, however, this one should work just fine.Opening the case proved to be a minor challenge. 
61. If you run over your phone protected by THIS case, you are going to need a new phone AND a new case.For ordinary drops and spills, however, this one should work just fine.Opening the case proved to be a minor challenge. 
62. In the meantime, I will be satisfied with the good protection this case offers, even with its small flaws.
63. The directions to open both halves of the solid plastic case to insert the cell phone could be improved. 
64. One minor flaw is that you have to be quite careful with the hard case snaps (slotted slip overs). 
65. With such good luck on prior Defenders, I decided to get one when I upgraded to the Galaxy S5.The good news: same rugged quality of construction on the S5 Defender case.The REALLY good news: when I added the Samsung OEM wireless charging back cover, I managed (with some effort and a small compromise) to get the Defender case to fit over the slightly larger back cover. 
66. From the front, top, sides and back, the case looks like a perfect fit. 
67. ie=UTF8&psc;=1So, the combination of Otterbox Defender/Samsung Back Cover/Wireless Receiver/Samsung Wireless charger, work very well together, with the slight issue of the case not fitting perfectly, but workably. 
68. This case is awesome.  
69. Did take a little longer than expected to arrive, however the case has held up great and seeing now that I am a mom of a toddler, I NEEDED the reassurance that my phone will hold up to almost anything it may go through.  
70. Otterbox provides protection for the Samsung Galaxy S5, but the case is heavy and clunky.  
71. Great case... 
72. Also, the lip at the bottom of the case is a little to high if you are using the fingerprint scanner on the phone. 
73. I have had otterbox cases before with the HTC Vivd, which was a heavy cell phone in my opinion, which I had to replace twice because the case clips would break after normal wear & tear.  
74. So far I am very satisfied with the way the otterbox design fits my Galaxy S5 and the defender series case appears to be durable. 
75. Good rugged case. 
76. Excellent case. 
77. It is a durable and study case.  
78. This case is exceptional.  
79. The case was new and in plastic. 
80. This case is still quite bulky also.
81. This might be a deal breaker for some folks though.For my needs, the Otterbox case is the only way to carry my phone around.
82. Great case and definitely protects the phone, however, the silicone case absorbs ink from jean pockets and stains easily. 
83. Great case and definitely protects the phone, however, the silicone case absorbs ink from jean pockets and stains easily. 
84. I have been a loyal Otterbox customer for years now and this case is great except for one problem. 
85. I still give it 3 stars because it is still a great protective case.
86. Great case. 
87. This one actually lets dust UNDER the outer covering, (I put it on last night, already looks kind of gross) meaning you have to take the case off to get it clean.The case itself is nice, but this is a big drawback for me.
88. The otterbox defender has always served me well for my cellphones and I am happy to say the case for the S5 will no doubt do the same. 
89. All in all a great case that functions exceptionally well.
90. They say the Otterbox case is too bulky. 
91. The case is a perfect fit for my phone. 
92. It does add some bulkiness to an already big phone, but the case protects the phone very well. 
93. This is the first case I've used so I'm adjusting to it. 
94. I hope Otterbox will put out a new case that doesn't slide.  
95. Ok...so I am giving 4 starts, not because the product is bad, but because it could be better.The case is snug, the rubber outer casing is strong. 
96. It protects the phone as stated/claimed by manufacturer.However, my &#34;beef&#34; is with the alignment of the hole at the bottom of the screen, where the phone's center button protrudes out.So, either the case is off center or the phone's button is not in the middle.I will be taking a closer look at other cases from the same model to see if they have the same issue.However, in lieu of a LifeProof case for the S5; the otterbox defender is your only other tough case alternative.
97. He is very happy with this case!
98. The rest of the case is great!
99. This is quite a bulky case with the holster/belt clip in place but not so bulky if you just use the case.  
100. The case is a heavy duty rubbery plastic that is easy to grip & provides good protection.
101. The case is a bit bulky, but it gets the job done!  
102. I haven't tried the finger print scanner, but in all fairness the dang thing barely worked for me before, let alone now with a new case on it. 
103. PROS:- Durable (I should know, I've dropped it multiple times in the two weeks I've had it on the phone already)- Water Resistant- Slim (Doesn't add to much weight or bulk on to the already large phone)- Textured Backing (Makes it easier to grip when utilizing it)- Side Buttons are easy to use on caseCONS:- Not the easiest case to get on and off- The case can morph out of shape around the outlet areas (read that you can reheat the rubber and it will go back into shape though)- The headphone jack cover is a little difficult in opening/closing, but that's to ensure air tight quality
104. Again, the case for the phone is first rate, and few consumers want a holster as heavy as I need it, but wanted to point it out nonetheless.
105. This is my first Otterbox case. 
106. Case is lightweight without compromising protection.
107. The absolute BEST cell phone protection case made as far as we are concerned. 
108. My husband is a plumber construction worker and farmer and after using a Defender case on his last phone for 2 yrs, when we removed it the phone still looked like brand new, despite its constant abuse over the yrs.  
109. With such a rugged case and certain damage protection, It would only make sense that the plug cap maybe a bit hard to get to but how else would you protect the phone. 
110. As far as misalignment of the case mine fit perfectly as well as my sons did so maybe some of the first outs were off a little but at that point why not contact Otter and ask for another or take it back if it was not satisfaction? 
111. I have really enjoyed this case over the past 4 days, but it won't be for everyone.  
112. For those that are rough on phones, don't mind using a standard pass code, and don't want to use the heartbeat sensor it will be the perfect case.*** Update *** I have found that if you make sure to not roll your thump up to the tip at the bottom the finger print unlock works 90% of the time.Pros:-The case fits great and is much better than the defender I had for the iphone 3Gs.
113. For those that are rough on phones, don't mind using a standard pass code, and don't want to use the heartbeat sensor it will be the perfect case.*** Update *** I have found that if you make sure to not roll your thump up to the tip at the bottom the finger print unlock works 90% of the time.Pros:-The case fits great and is much better than the defender I had for the iphone 3Gs.
114. -The case weighs around the same as the phone and adds a little bulk.
115. If you're clumsy with your phone, or just want to be sure it's safe, this is the case for you.The design of the case is pretty straightforward and consistent with the Defender if you've ever had a OtterBox before. 
116. If you're clumsy with your phone, or just want to be sure it's safe, this is the case for you.The design of the case is pretty straightforward and consistent with the Defender if you've ever had a OtterBox before. 
117. The IR blaster on the top of the phone is also still usable with the case on.That being said, aside from the straight protection the case offers and slight modifications of other features, I am disappointed in the waterproofing, or the lack thereof. 
118. The IR blaster on the top of the phone is also still usable with the case on.That being said, aside from the straight protection the case offers and slight modifications of other features, I am disappointed in the waterproofing, or the lack thereof. 
119. In this case, water is able to get in between the case and the phone, and it stays there. 
120. As it stands, the case protection is excellent, but usability leaves a lot to be desired. 
121. It's not bad enough for me to return the case, as the case is still usable, but I would recommend looking elsewhere if you want a case that you're able to use in all environments.
122. It's not bad enough for me to return the case, as the case is still usable, but I would recommend looking elsewhere if you want a case that you're able to use in all environments.
123. The case shouldn't interfere with basic functionality of the phone.I use my phone for my business with the Square Reader, and was annoyed to find that the reader won't work with the case. 
124. I realize not everyone uses Square, but it is still a pretty popular app, and so I'm surprised it won't work with the case either, though not as surprised that fingerprint scanner doesn't work.I used a hacksaw and a pair of scissors to cut a hole big enough for Square, and I found that I didn't really like the fingerprint scanner anyway, so no big deal. 
125. Does this case fit the galaxy s5 active???
126. My last phone and case I had for almost 6 years and it looked mildly used when I treated myself to a new phone and this Otterbox, so imagine my shock when my case already needs replaced because it's not holding up.
127. The only problem is that the case makes it hard to place your finger correctly to use the heart rate reader successfully.
128. Very sturdy case.  
129. Overall it is a great case, and I would rather have the protection, than to have to purchase another Samsung Galaxy S5 and be out $650. 
130. This is an awesome case, provides protection for your phone from scratches and drops. 
131. I moved from an S4 with this same series case to an S5 with the case. 
132. If anyone has suggestions for a durable S5 case, please reply.
133. I am glad I did this because it is a top notch case. and light weight compare to s4 defender case I had. 
134. Strong case, great quality for the price. 
135. Fits my Samsung Galaxy S5 perfectly and seems to be an extremely rugged case.  
136. If you want security in a dynamic protector / defender case, anything less than otterbox is a waste of money.
137. Once I figured out how to open it up (first case I ever bought) it has been great!  
138. There are millions of views on installing a silly case. 
139. The Otterbein Defender Series for the Samsung Galaxy S5 is a very good case.  
140. The screen cover is perfect for this phone and both the case and cover appear sturdy and should protect the phone well.I  have two slight concerns.  
141. After the hard plastic casing is in place, the softer rubber part of the case fits over that and snaps into place better than some less expensive cases I've tried. 
142. The feel of the softer case is great, you will not feel like you will drop the case once this is installed. 
143. I prefer to use a phone case that has a belt clip available and the belt clip that comes with this case is very sturdy. 
144. Great case, came in fast and fit perfectly.  
145. She's very happy with it, the case is very sturdy.
146. Case seems pretty solid for protecting the phone, and the outer case is fairly slip resistant.  
147. Case seems pretty solid for protecting the phone, and the outer case is fairly slip resistant.  
148. In terms of wear and tear on the case itself, it's been a few months and I've managed to get a few minor scratches on the plastic film over the screen with my keys while carrying heavy boxes, and the outer case can stretch if you remove/play with the outer case much.
149. In terms of wear and tear on the case itself, it's been a few months and I've managed to get a few minor scratches on the plastic film over the screen with my keys while carrying heavy boxes, and the outer case can stretch if you remove/play with the outer case much.
150. I believe Otterbox released this case just a little to soon before working the bugs out. 
151. I'm using the pelican brand case until Otterbox works the kinks out.
152. The case has already taken the full brunt of a few heart stopping drops so I can forgive the otherwise reliable brand.
153. It seems to be the only case available that won't allow me to destroy another expensive phone. 
154. The fingerprint reader is hard to swipe because the bottom lip of the case is too high and too close. 
155. When you remove the case the phone looks brand new. 
156. I know this is going to be a good case, but the shipping time is what has made me put one star.  
157. Save your time and a couple of dollars and go get the same case from wallmart for a few bucks cheaper.
158. Great except its a bit hard to get on the first time and the clear protective case scratches. 
159. The phones buttons are all easy to work with the case on.
160. After a year and a half  the case still looks great.  
161. This case seems great so far. 
162. Overall, this case works great so far though.
163. I like the way it clips inside the case securely but still easy to remove quickly.  
164. Great case. 
165. Its the best phone case I have ever had. 
166. This case is a big improvement over the case for the S4. 
167. This case is a big improvement over the case for the S4. 
168. The rubber edges fit the case, and is a little thinner than the S4 with the same type of case. 
169. The rubber edges fit the case, and is a little thinner than the S4 with the same type of case. 
170. I've had this for a couple of weeks and it has already saved my phone from an unfortunate drop on the concrete.The case makes good contact with all the internal button, and doesn't had a lot of bulk to it. 
171. Excellent case, easy to put together and well worth the price.  
172. Yea, it makes an already massive phone even bigger, but if your getting this case ergonomics arent the first thing on your mind. 
173. I got the case the same day I went to purchase the S5. 
174. Case is easy to take off and put on after the 1st time of disassembly. 
175. Otherwise this case is great for your phone and I would recommend it.
176. I only gave it three stars because after a year the one I had for my Galaxy S3 outer case was so loose it was useless.
177. awesome case love the rubber feel wont slip out my hand when holding. a little big but it protects my new galaxy 5 phone very well I recommend this case for anyone who wants to protect their phone. 
178. The S5 fits perfectly inside the case and the small added size makes the S5 easier to hold. 
179. I ordered the White/Gunmetal Grey case and the medium grey color is just as shown in the pictures. 
180. I think the Otterbox Case is definitely worth paying a little extra for.
181. My S5 without a case is very smooth and i always felt like it would just fall out of my hands.  
182. I have no problems using the heart-rate monitor and the volume/power button works great with this case too.
183. Overall the case is really good. 
184. But otherwise the case fits and works great.
185. The case has proved its worth two weeks ago when the phone fell three feet from my pocket onto asphalt without so much as a scratch.

negative sentences : 
1. With both the screen protector and black pad removed, I am able to close the case up without issue. 
2. I also love the case in general, I know my phone is protected and safe. 
3. It's a seriously tough case!!! 
4. It's the case I would use if I were going on a hike or to the beach but not my everyday case.
5. I initially got a Spigen Tough Armor case for my Samsung S5. 
6. I decided to try otterbox and could not be more pleased.- extremely well designed case. 
7. All cutouts line up perfectly.- audio port has a cover which eliminates any junk from getting in the phone- heart beat monitor works perfect with this case. no issues at all- I initially had a problem with the fingerprint scanner. to eliminate that issue, the S5 allows up to 3 fingerprints to be stored each with 10 scans. 
8. I got this case because of the screen protection but I don't think this case is quite perfect yet. 
9. My only complaint is that if something does get in between the screen protector and the screen, it's annoying to have in the way and taking this case off takes longer than other cases. 
10. Have loved Otterbox cases in the past and will continue to order them due to overall quality of the case. 
11. Cannot say enough how good this case feels in your hand, very tactile.
12. Otterbox has improved with their cases since I last got a defender case for the HTC vivid. 
13. However, I was forced to give the product two stars, because the screen protector has a problem which makes the case unworkable for me.  
14. The only problem I see is that the case is kind of difficult to take apart if you need to clean it.  
15. It did come with the optional clip case but I didn't end up having to use it.
16. Dropped from my toolbox which is about waist high (3.5 ft) cracked my inner case. 
17. I bought mine from best buy first of all you cant use the fingerprint well since the case is so thick it block your way it makes it much more difficult and the screen protector on it has a lot of glare and other weird stuff reflecting off of it, it is very protective but the really need to change some stuff up about this case they really need to make this thinner and less heavy in my opinion!
18. It is a great case but color is nothing close to what is shown.  
19. The hard case snaps apart and back together easily and the rubber piece fits the hard case like a glove.  
20. The hard case snaps apart and back together easily and the rubber piece fits the hard case like a glove.  
21. This really isn't a problem though.There is one design flaw, as mentioned in other reviews, the case doesn't allow for easy use of the fingerprint scanner.  
22. The only way to make this go away is to take apart the case and wipe the inner part of screen protector and screen of phone. 
23. The case does its job just short of stopping a bullet for your phone.
24. Cons- the home button cutout is not exact the case is bulky, the headphone jack is slightly difficult to open easily. 
25. The inner case and holster feel a bit too plastic.Pros- it feels very solid.  
26. Only issue is if I want to take my phone out and put in a different case I will loose that protection. 
27. If you like your thin phone, this case is not for you. 
28. -The case is grippy without sticking to pockets.Cons:-The lip around the front of the screen makes the fingerprint scanner difficult to use, but it will work as long as you drag your finger across both the sensor and don't roll up to your fingertip at the lip.
29. A bit bulky but not surprising, hard to use fingerprint scanner due to the case shape but you get used to it... overall 7.5/10
30. I have sensory issues with my dominant hand and was having a hard time with both the holster and feeling the spot to press the power button on my other case. 
31. The 3 piece case is tough to open but does its job wonderfully.
32. While my Galaxy S5 has been flawless,  cannot say the same for the Defender case. 
33. The case is extremely hard to open. 
34. My phone has fallen off a couple times, but, fortunately, I was sitting in a chair both times.Don't get me wrong...I really like the case.  
35. The front portion of the case has a significant border that keeps the phones screen from being anywhere near the surface underneath it, but again, this bulk is noticeable. 
36. The case doesn't have any negative impact on any of the phone features. 
37. The inner plastic hardshell case has less padding than in the past, and the design/construction of the belt holster is unacceptable.  
38. Another con is the rather poor fit-up of the case window to the old-school physical &#34;Home&#34; button used on the Samsung phones.  
39. The S5 is already made to take a beating and with this case it can withstand some major punishment.  
40. But also the picture for the blue and grey case was a little misleading, I expected the blue color to be darker than it is. 
