
------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : thing, positive Score : 49 and negative Score :-15
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Just a small thing, for example, the JVC also has a clock and alarm functions, which the Sony lacks, ie there is no clock...which I found to be another feature that was missing in action! 
2. So, this thing is GOOD for a boom box, but not as good as a home stereo.I think a boombox's design may be limiting things.  
3. The 505 is 17.6 lbs.)700's sound:The most important thing is the sound, imo.  
4. This thing is huge.  
5. The remote is also a great thing to have for my purposes of using it outside in a tailgate atmosphere. 
6. It is pretty big though...One thing I really wish it had is a microphone input. 
7. Wow, this thing is big.  
8. I knew it was going to be big, heavy and ugly, and sound good, when I ordered it, it is all of that, I think it is great, the only thing I would change is that the digital display is small, everything else is big, I love the bass, and powerful sound, it is good for outdoor use.
9. If you want the best portable boombox , this is the one , it has great sound and when you pick it up there is something "heavy-duty" about it ,not cheap parts, it plays cd's burnt from puter , MP3's, full function remote,  theres only one small , very very minor ,thing a backlit display, otherwise, 11 stars
10. It feels like the Sony people forgot about it, and it was a last minute thing: "...Now, where to drill a hole, where to drill a hole... 
11. If your space will only accommodate a small footprint this unit isn't for you; 2) the styling is way over the top - I can't imagine any decor where this thing wouldn't be conspicuous; 3) the display is small, not backlit, and hard to read (at least for old people); 4) the thing is also pretty heavy, so while it is portable some might consider it a "luggable".  
12. The most important thing is that it sounds great.  
13. There's a bunch of dumb EQ buttons on top too that I'll never use.As other reviews say - this thing is BIG, and deep. 
14. I plugged in my smartphone and listened to Pandora and Spotify, and it sounds great.The MP3 CD thing was pretty important to me. 
15. No stupid shelf hifi bookcase system can do all of this.The AUX is a regular headphone cord permanently attached at the bottom right, with its own tiny little drawer thing. 
16. I got more than I expected, it is great, the sound is great, it is a large not small boom box, there is is only one negative thing I have to say about it, the tuning window does not light up, besides that everything is a plus!!!!!!!!!
17. It has strong base which sort of compensates for that but for the size and mass of the thing it is really pitifully weak.Programming pre-sets is complicated. 
18. This thing is great for cruising chest beefers while in hot pursuit of top shelf margs and ditchin' real corn cobs. 
19. If your space will only accommodate a small footprint this unit isn't for you; 2) the styling is way over the top - I can't imagine any decor where this thing wouldn't be conspicuous; 3) the display is small, not backlit, and hard to read (at least for old people); 4) the thing is also pretty heavy, so while it is portable some might consider it a "luggable".  
20. The size is smaller than I thought it would be and thats a good thing. 
21. I didn't pursue the matter, and I did not crank it up to see if it would shake the walls, as on a thing this small you risk blowing the cone out...  
22. My roomate's 450 dollar speakers are the only thing comparable. 
23. This thing sounds really good -- especially for the price.  
24. I love the huge clear sound this thing has.it could have a little easier to use controls& the display area is tiny,but you buy this for your ears.And it has the beef to rock everyone elses too.
25. The only thing that I can think of negatively is the display is too small and unlit.  
26. This thing is great sounding, small side of big, beautiful, and very low priced for what you get.  15 to 20 years ago performance like this would have cost about $260.00 to $400.00 would have been a lot heavier, bigger and not as energy efficient.  
27. This thing has the raw power to make itself heard, even right next to a roaring machine the size of a car.  
28. I am not a sony fanatic but I read the reviews & played the thing at my local best buy and had it delivered to me through Amazon for $99 and free shipping. saving me about $40+ including tax. 
29. (the only thing missing is the backlight display again. i guess sony leaves it out cuz of lights going around the subwoofer other than that, this is a perfect boombox) oh also if you are listening to a cd or an mp3 cd, if you stop playing the cd, the thing wont remember where you left of. i personally don't like that cuz i want to hear an mp3 cd over several days without having to hear the same songs over and over. but i can live with that cuz i have my sony dne330 walkman cd player easily taking care of my mp3 cd's on clearbass level 2 (can go to clearbass level 3 but that is already too much bass and the boombox can take it without distortion) bottom line if only it had that damn backlight display it would be perfect. but who knows, maybe sony will put it in on next years model.
30. The only thing is that it's huge... not too much of a problem since it stands out. :)
31. Same thing - it comes on and none of the buttons work so you have to unplug to even turn off.  
32. The only thing that I am slightly disappointed with is the volume.  
33. It's 5 stars for value, but I docked it a star owing to several utterly stupid design annoyances.I have put up a picture above, of this thing sitting on a standard 88 key piano keyboard, so that you can get an idea of its size.  
34. This thing is really huge and I don't mean a little big, I mean holy *****. 
35. I'd recommend getting it through Sound City in NJ, if possible - their somewhat pricey S&H; is worth it in terms of speed and responsibility.Granted, the thing is dog-ugly - our daughter puts a green silk scarf over it when she has friends in the back yard - but it can deliver anything from hard rock to a Bruckner symphony like no other "box" we've heard; with quieter stuff like chamber music and piano/guitar/ harpsichord, it's hard to distinguish from our high-end shelf system. 
36. Got this huge thing I wasn't counting on, but it works except that it eats cassette tapes and is a bit bigger than I'd planned just for moving around from room to room. 
37. First of the range of sound this thing produces is tremendous! 
38. One last thing.... if you did want to hook up wireless speakers, mp3 players, ipod's, it has all the functions for that too!!!
39. Also this thing looks awesome! 
40. The sound this thing puts out is incredible, more than I could have ever expected. 

negative sentences : 
1. The sound is pretty mediocre, and the whole thing is very "plasticky" and cheaply made. 
2. There are other things you should know: 1) this thing is somewhat gi-normous.  
3. So, after some listening, the 'unified sound' thing faded from notice, and the Sony was absolutely beating the Coby.  
4. People writing that this thing isn't loud enough must have most of the stereocilia hair in the cochlea damaged.  
5. This thing looks gaudy and cheap, but that's the style I guess and its a gift for a kid and I'm sure he'll be thrilled. 
6. The point is that this is not an expensive thing, and it's somewhat cheaply made, so don't expect something fancy.5. 
7. We all jumped out of our seats when the THX logo went off after the ending credits of Avatar, it got that loud.One more thing I tried that gave it some more bass (this is going to sound crazy but), I stuck a cap from a 2 liter bottle into the left bass port and plugged it up. 
8. Just kidding about the more bass thing because that makes the sound really distorted, but I still use it because the boom box only has five non customizable eq presets.If you don't have a surround sound system you should use this on you're TV because it works great for movies. 
9. It just goes back to the frequency 87.5 when you unplug it, but does not forget your presets.My favorite thing about this boom box is the line input. 
10. In fact sometimes I can't tell that it was a cassette playing and some people were even amazed and even asked me what was that plastic thing you just took out and put back in when I would flip it over. 
11. Also the other thing that just puts this over the top is it actually plays tapes, and records. 
12. So, as I am looking down on it to see what I am doing, the display is not visible.I can't believe this thing got so many good reviews. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : music, positive Score : 25 and negative Score :-16
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. If you want to force everyone within a half mile radius listen to your favorite music, this is the device you need.  
2. It has a sleep feature for the radio which is good for me as I listen to talk radio before falling asleep and this radio's sleep mechanism takes care of shutting it off.You won't believe the great sound you will enjoy on the music stations also.In the center of the unit on top you'll notice buttons to depress for the different types of music like rock,dance,etc. built into the unit to give optimal listening enjoyment and performance. 
3. Since I listen mostly to jazz off the radio and enjoy classical music as well I know I've gotten a great all round device. 
4. The unit is reliable and the sound level (20W) is adequate for many applications but won't do well when trying to play music/voice for more than 50 to 60 people.  
5. After owning this for quite some time now I'm still amazed at how much sound comes out of this box.Plenty of power to make your music sound good and the batteries seem to last forever before you need to replace them.I hook up my iPhone to the boombox and listen for hours while I work on my cars and the sound is so clean with bass that really sounds good for such a small box.Well worth the money.
6. This is a great "machine" for anyone who appreciates and values listening to music in high quality. 
7. It took me a bit of playing with the "Mode" button to figure out how to make the "shuffle" feature work, but it does work, and that makes it really nice... turn it on and listen to fabulous music all day.  
8. I work in new housing construction, and need a radio that can fill a whole house with music, and the Sony does just that. 
9. I can insert my MP3 disc and have about 6 hours of nonstop music.  
10. I got this before hurricane season for news and music...i was worried because my family has two extremes the really picky sound system/ musician pain in the neck LOL perfect hearing and some of us have distortion in our hearing that makes clarity and loudness imperative...I have to say for the first time all of us could listen and comprehend the radio spoken voice and when cranked up the music we had  an even bigger blast...I spent a fortune on out door speakers and indoor sound sytems for each room....I have bought BOSE ipod speakers...MEH on the soundI have to say the sound on this boom box could have been  fine in our workout room and bedrooms...I just love it...I am sending one to my cousin who is hearing impaired because like me she has a hard time with radios...and stuff....This really was a godsend during hurricane Irene...the radio came in loud and clear it worked for days on batteries...was so worth it..and you cannot beat the price...
11. Because it plays MP3 we were able to play music for hours,peacebestill@prodigy.net
12. The clarity of the music is awesome. 
13. I looked for a very long time to find a music source that I could haul around.  
14. When rehearsing dance steps outside or having a party, one can find out rather quickly that the sounds and the open air can really drown out your weak music player. 
15. We are a small female dance group who needed a player to play our music in small halls. 
16. She uses music everyday to get students running and warmed up. 
17. It is loud and clear enough so that even in a large school gym, all music can be heard clearly. 
18. Luv this product,has awesome highs and lows to bring out the best of all music.  
19. So why say &#34;So upset&#34; well was teaching class and all of a sudden the music from the CD I was playing (in the middle of class) went extra loud and I tried to stop CD, turn it down, even turn off!!! 
20. The sub-woofer is likely the biggest power drain, at least when using the radio or an external music source.  
21. I'd recommend getting it through Sound City in NJ, if possible - their somewhat pricey S&H; is worth it in terms of speed and responsibility.Granted, the thing is dog-ugly - our daughter puts a green silk scarf over it when she has friends in the back yard - but it can deliver anything from hard rock to a Bruckner symphony like no other "box" we've heard; with quieter stuff like chamber music and piano/guitar/ harpsichord, it's hard to distinguish from our high-end shelf system. 
22. You can't hear it with a normal music CD.  
23. If you had it by your bed and listened to quiet music as you drifted off, it would drive you mad.  

negative sentences : 
1. I don't notice much of a difference in the pre set equalizer buttons but maybe on different types of music the different setting would be more pronounced . 
2. I like the automatic base-treble adjustments for different types of music.
3. I have it hooked up to a "Sony" dual cassete deck, and the music from my extensive collection come through beautifully. 
4. For a portable music system, it sounds great.Yes there are a couple of drawbacks.(1) Ugly! 
5. On the plus side the remote control is handy, the auxiliary input is convenient for playing music from a different source, the sound quality is reasonable, and it can play fairly loud. 
6. Let me add some context: I am a 59 y/o happily married guy who likes his music loud. 
7. Kinda defeats the purpose of mobile music. 
8. In between, we played music, using the low sub power setting.  
9. But they love that they can hook up an Ipod or other device and play music.  
10. Unfortunately, I have had  NUMEROUS,  repeat, NUMEROUS horrible experiences with ALL  Sony  products,  from Beta VCR machines, televisions,  portable music players,  other  boom boxes and  you name it,  they all failed.After 2 plays,  this has lasted.  
11. I guess I shouldn't be playing rock music THAT loud. 
12. I would always cherish the times I listen to either heavy metal, hard rock, techno, or classical music. 
13. By experimenting with the EQ presets and the sub-woofer output...one can achieve a very satisfying sound for all type of music.This uit can play loud without audible distortion...I mean really loud.  
14. This is loud enough to play music for the whole boat while you're pulling a wake boarder without distortion.The one thing this can't do is play loud enough for the skier or wake boarder to hear, but for the price it's hard to fault the radio.Definitely 5 stars, and have already recommended it to friends.
15. It's pretty much aok fine for what it is, but I guess I've just been listening to too much XLNT music, as usual, with a house, car, and pretty much "life" filled with high-end sound systems of one type or another, for it to let me love this "Crazy Red Little Space-Ship BoomBox Thingie" so very, very much.It's not that I hate it or anything like that, but realistically I rated it 3 Stars because that's what it deserves for what it does, plain, Jane Simpleton. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : cassette, positive Score : 37 and negative Score :-15
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. It's ok, it's got impressive bass response without a doubt, but I'll take the feature set from my 20+ year-old JVC boombox system any day: with the JVC I can separate the speakers for more dramatic and dynamic sound, it's got an auto reversing cassette system x 2, and most of all, the  JVC has XLNT sound with a nice bit of sophistication and good looks that the Sony just doesn't possess.That's the way I see it, and I am calling it like I hear it, no punches pulled and nothing overlooked, this is reality and I'm here to tell you about it 100% up front and personal. 
2. Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette RecorderThis Boombox has great sound and power playing my cassettes and my CDs. 
3. Out of curiosity I recorded a song with it and it sounded pretty good for a modern cassette player.The AM/FM tuner has really good reception on FM but never tried AM. 
4. Bought it mainly for my old cassette tape collection that I wanted to play in the garage whilst working on the cars and outside. 
5. The cassette recorder is silly without the mike input. 
6. Antenna adjustment allows for clearer radio signals, while controls for both cd and cassette were easy to use both on the unit as well as on the remote. 
7. I didn't care for the tiny diplay window or the cassette player, but the sound was great for the cd and radio. 
8. The Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette Recorder is a great boombox when you need sound that carries. 
9. rewind on cassette player took way to long to rewind a tape and tuning in a radio station was very bad, could not getgood reception on any channels , FM or AM lots of static even with or without an outdoor antenna.  
10. The Cassette sound has now become intermittent. 
11. There are several CD/Cassette Recorders on Amazon for $29.00 with free shipping. 
12. Hopefully Sony will come up with a version of this unit with a civilized appearance, better EQ, no cassette deck, same audio specs, and bigger, lighted, more informative LCD.It does sound great.
13. I mean, I have a 22-year old JVC boombox that has a top mounted CD player like the one in the Sony, but for the cassette mechanism there's a double-featured cassette system with 2 units, so you can record from tape to tape, CD to tape, and BOTH sides have "auto play", or auto-reverse built into them, so go figure that out! 
14. I mean, I have a 22-year old JVC boombox that has a top mounted CD player like the one in the Sony, but for the cassette mechanism there's a double-featured cassette system with 2 units, so you can record from tape to tape, CD to tape, and BOTH sides have "auto play", or auto-reverse built into them, so go figure that out! 
15. I ordered two at the exact same time.One perfect, the other the lid on the CD when you punch it down didn't always easily pop up like it's supposed to -- but with repeated effort it would.I love the HUGE bass.I just wish these modern boom boxes had microphone input, instead of iPod stuff.Also, for the price I could get a Memorex 4 - some, i.e. cd, cassette ,  fm / am, and lp.
16. However, I was a little disappointed in the cassette player.  
17. Second, I wanted another good cassette player/recorder to replace other aging equipment so that I could continue listening to my cassette tapes library until I got around to converting them to digital.The CD-R player works great!  
18. After about 6 hours, this player played every song flawless - no hiccups, skips, retracking, etc...it was perfect.The cassette player I have not tested.The mp3 player input is great.  
19. this sony boombox is super good the sound is excellent it has cassette and cd both work's perfect and for the price good product
20. The Boom Box has great sound quality, the CD's are easy to use, the cassette feature is a little confusing, the radio's sound is good.  
21. I recommend this one to any person looking for a good ole' quality boombox that has cassette, cd, radio capabilities and more!
22. It has everything you need...a cd player, a cassette player, radio, audio input, and GREAT SOUND!!! 
23. This Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette Recorder is very good with its bass.  
24. CD, Radio and cassette player with preset options, decent design with good bass for a little over $100....seems like a pretty good deal to me. 
25. i'm a yard jocky and love to hear the music at the back of the trailor when i'm opening the doors and can hear the music clearly when the motor of the truck is roaring.it has a lot of nice features a cassette player,cd player that plays mp3's no backlight display but has a light on the subwoofer.i like the supplied cord to hookup my xm radio mp3 player and listen to the ac/dc channel it rocks.i highly recommend DependableResource for the purchase $2.00 cheaperthan everyone and extreamly fast free shipping i ordered 2 days agoand have it already.my review isn't as detailed as the other reviews but they are on the money!
26. I'm 53 years old and still have a large cassette collection so what's not to like? 
27. It does it with all 4 or 5 tapes I have tried in it and the tapes all play fine on all my other cassette players . 
28. Also, if you're a senior citizen who still hasn't replaced your ancient cassette collection two decades ago, but you like volume and sound quality and will have it plugged in most of the time, it would be a good purchase. 
29. We used it to party on the beach every night and the cassette player even came in handy to play some old tapes we had.  
30. I think it will be hilarious when I go walking down the street at either of those places carrying this monster with Ice T and Body Count blasting away :) Body Count in da house Mutha.....maybe I should just stop there :)So I got a nice 20 watt radio, cassette, cd, mp3 player that, albeit large, I can tote around from place to place. 
31. Still in all, my wife drives an older Expedition with a cassette player so now she can make a few new tapes for her vehicle. 

negative sentences : 
1. It just very simply sounds like a boombox, and I guess I am not a big fan of them in general if the speakers can't be separated, ie without a "satellite" function, and the Sony doesn't have that in its design or features.I found the cassette system a poor excuse for one of those also, because the system does not have a reverse mechanism, so "auto play" is impossible with the single-direction unit in the Sony boombox, and that's another BIG knock. 
2. My chief complaints are the previously mentioned clunky mechanical cassette controls that cannot be operated with the remote control (yes, I understand that cassettes are passe but the controls are still so last century), and the wrist watch-sized LCD display that is hard to read without ample lighting and good vision (an illuminated background or characters would have really helped). 
3. The PROS: Rich, BIG bass; loud and clean sound; built-in sound presets; auxiliary jack for connecting MP3 players or other audio devices; comes with remote control; big, solid feel; circular red LED light around the bass driver is neatThe CONS: Tiny LCD display is hard to read; archaic mechanical cassette controls; circular red LED light always on with woofer in use; heavy with batteries; would like a user adjustable sound control; CD mechanism didn't lastLooking for a battery powered 'portable radio' with a big voice? 
4. Top slopes downward to the back, and so you cannot rest CD's on the left side, where the cassette tape player is.  
5. You get to listen to cds, mp3 players, radio, cassette and you get different subwoofer power settings and different sound type settings.  
6. If you like a deep base powerful boom box this is your champion, the sound quality is great, not sure why it has a cassette recorder, who doesn't have CDs by now and its got some weight to it, not the easiest box to move around, but i take it to our volleyball games and its excellent. 
7. I tried some other tapes , some storebought and some I recorded my self and all had the same problem but they all play fine in the other 4 or 5 cassette players I have .
8. Love everything about it except the cassette player which is obsolete. 
9. He also says the quality of recordings on the cassette recorder is not good.  
10. I see no reason why this brand new Sony design couldn't have had a double cassette mechanism, with at least one of them being auto reverse/"auto play", and certainly with this single design my thinking is the same: why there's no auto-reverse in it? 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : quality, positive Score : 74 and negative Score :-14
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. So...5 stars for sound quality..I don't want to discourage anyone with less stars...I probably should have taken off 1 or 2 for the battery contact problem, but since I can still use it plugged in...I will leave it at 5.
2. This is a great "machine" for anyone who appreciates and values listening to music in high quality. 
3. Excellent sound quality. 
4. So anything less than my $1000 car system I didn't think would even cut it. but this stereo is amazing its sound quality is better than any other stereo this size! 
5. I am a person who loves high quality audio. 
6. Given the state of quality in modern home electronics maybe this is the best available. 
7. The sound quality of these units is ok, but adjustments are limited. 
8. This product has very nice sound quality for a boombox in this price range... but sadly the CD player stopped working after about 3 months.  
9. It was also my experience that if I wasn't directly in front of it the sound quality wasn't as good. 
10. I was actually prepared to spend up to around $400 to buy a high quality item.  
11. The sound quality was very good and the bass is very assertive.  
12. If you're looking for sound quality, as I am, I advise that you give this one a try.
13. Great sound, reasonable price, a bit heavy, but a good trade off for the sound quality. 
14. Pictures on the Amazon site give you the breadth but not the depth of the sizing.Assuming you can handle the size, the main function of the unit - produce quality sound at high volumes - is worth the entry fee.  
15. Instead they have rock, flat, dance, Reggaeton and salsa.my old sony CD radio was better quality and has lasted several years (maybe 10 years old now) and I do not think this is of the same quality but it is still good quality and hopefully last five or so years.  
16. It has..AMAZING...sound quality !!..
17. I'm just not overwhelmed at all with features, sound quality or packaging: the Sony is average to just above average with its superior bass response, but that will NOT win the contest for "best boombox" in my field of dreams.I don't know if there are boomboxes available from other manufacturers that eclipse this Sony in sound quality, features, or packaging, because I haven't really gone out and tried to find something extra-special, like my 20-year old JVC boombox that even today appears contemporary and full-featured. 
18. I'm just not overwhelmed at all with features, sound quality or packaging: the Sony is average to just above average with its superior bass response, but that will NOT win the contest for "best boombox" in my field of dreams.I don't know if there are boomboxes available from other manufacturers that eclipse this Sony in sound quality, features, or packaging, because I haven't really gone out and tried to find something extra-special, like my 20-year old JVC boombox that even today appears contemporary and full-featured. 
19. Make no mistake there is plenty of sound "there" to hear, it's just not a sophisticated rendition of a melody that you hear: ie it's loud, it's full of bass with the adjustments done correctly, but I'm not that impressed with the overall sound quality. 
20. You will be flabbergasted at the sound quality from this Sony CFDG700CP !  
21. Excellent sound quality and the price was right.it also came with a mp3 player and the base is kind of cool as it thumps.
22. I needed a good sounding portable player that would also be good for in the house at times.The unit is high quality and serves the purpose well. 
23. I do love the CD player and the radio sound quality is terrific.  
24. This radio has excellent sound quality.  
25. The method to switch from radio to CD and auxiliary mode are very easy to understand, even for oldies like me (smiles).The sound quality it's decent+. 
26. Instead they have rock, flat, dance, Reggaeton and salsa.my old sony CD radio was better quality and has lasted several years (maybe 10 years old now) and I do not think this is of the same quality but it is still good quality and hopefully last five or so years.  
27. Instead they have rock, flat, dance, Reggaeton and salsa.my old sony CD radio was better quality and has lasted several years (maybe 10 years old now) and I do not think this is of the same quality but it is still good quality and hopefully last five or so years.  
28. Sony boombox perform as expected, I already own one but i needed another one for my backyard, excellent price for the quality of this sony product.
29. Fantastic quality of the sound, radio stations are clear and easy to set. 
30. Excellent sound quality, very universal for uses, and a simple interface. 
31. The Boom Box has great sound quality, the CD's are easy to use, the cassette feature is a little confusing, the radio's sound is good.  
32. It has very good sound quality, but I didn't read the specifications close enough...  
33. Extremely good sound quality. 
34. Sound quality is great. 
35. As the true POWER "BOOM BOX" with sound Quality fades through time.... 
36. Has nice bass sound, great quality. 
37. This impressed me so much I was digging into my achives to listen to rock from the 60s and 70s that they don't lnclude on those redunant &#34;classic rock&#34; stations with a DJ who was 3 when classic rock was being made.thanks again for a great product and great service - extremely happy with the quality at the price.
38. I am very impressed with overall sound quality.I played an mp3 cd recorded at 320kbps and it is close to being a full disc as far as data written (about 85 songs-685mb) and I played it continually non-stop.  
39. It is not really portable to carry around the streets with batteries due to size and weight, but portable enough to go from place to place and plug it in.The sound quality is very good and sub woofer bass really pumps out the bass, especially for a boom box.  
40. Can't beat the looks, features and sound quality for the money.  
41. The quality of the sound is so good, the sheer quality of the speakers belong in a unit 2 times the price this unit goes for. 
42. The sound quality is great and the bass can be felt in the opposite corner of my dorm floor! 
43. BUT, it sounds great, and i use it all the time, the remote is nice as well. i put the remote in a sandwhich bag and i use this while in the shower, or out washing the car, or whenever, very durable and the sound quality is great for the price
44. I have been looking a while now for a good quality boombox to replace my aged and ill cfd-440 that I bought in the early 90's when boomboxes were a plentiful. 
45. Also, if you're a senior citizen who still hasn't replaced your ancient cassette collection two decades ago, but you like volume and sound quality and will have it plugged in most of the time, it would be a good purchase. 
46. While they are at it, I think tossing the big, bulky, wasteful batteries in favor of a rechargeable solution would really bring this radio into the 21st century.If you're a college student, street performer, fitness or dance instructor, or you just love great sound quality and need something with serious volume & bass, this boombox is a great choice. 
47. You can carry it with the solid handle, or on its side by the X-shaped speaker cover in front.The sound quality is phenomenal. 
48. Main reason for buying this monstrosity was for the MP3 input and the sound quality; both have met the bill admirably. 
49. Thus, I give highest marks to Amazon, with whom I have done a lot of business over a lot of years.I give this unit high marks for sound quality, particularly its bass response.  
50. It's got good sound quality and some cool lighting, but it's big and bulky.  
51. Nice speaker quality and tone presets (rock, flat, etc.). 
52. This really helps with the sound quality! 
53. I recommend this one to any person looking for a good ole' quality boombox that has cassette, cd, radio capabilities and more!
54. It also has quality sound, and looks awesome. 
55. Top quality in every way. 
56. The recipient has very high standards for audio, and says the sound quality is very good.  

negative sentences : 
1. I don't listen to that much eaither, but the overall sound quality is great.
2. But I have no issue whatsoever with the quality of sound.Two concerns...well not concerns, but more like wishful thinking.1.- I wish the unit would be smaller (let's say this more than a rubenesque unit). 
3. On the plus side the remote control is handy, the auxiliary input is convenient for playing music from a different source, the sound quality is reasonable, and it can play fairly loud. 
4. The look is really cool and when it comes to overall quality, the BEST! 
5. If you like a deep base powerful boom box this is your champion, the sound quality is great, not sure why it has a cassette recorder, who doesn't have CDs by now and its got some weight to it, not the easiest box to move around, but i take it to our volleyball games and its excellent. 
6. Secondly, the X-plod models are the only transportable boom boxes that offer really loud sound quality.  
7. Have wasted 30 and 40 bucks on portables that die after a year or less, and the sound quality doesn't compare. 
8. If you are interested in sound quality more than trendy looks, this is a good choice. 
9. Then i realized that i'm more interested in decent sound quality than some ultra-portable unit that i'd never use because the the sound was so tinny. 
10. The long and short of this is, if you want Sony quality sound just with more bass? 
11. I'm not going to knock down the quality or appearance any more because it is what it is..."

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : boom, positive Score : 46 and negative Score :-29
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I got this before hurricane season for news and music...i was worried because my family has two extremes the really picky sound system/ musician pain in the neck LOL perfect hearing and some of us have distortion in our hearing that makes clarity and loudness imperative...I have to say for the first time all of us could listen and comprehend the radio spoken voice and when cranked up the music we had  an even bigger blast...I spent a fortune on out door speakers and indoor sound sytems for each room....I have bought BOSE ipod speakers...MEH on the soundI have to say the sound on this boom box could have been  fine in our workout room and bedrooms...I just love it...I am sending one to my cousin who is hearing impaired because like me she has a hard time with radios...and stuff....This really was a godsend during hurricane Irene...the radio came in loud and clear it worked for days on batteries...was so worth it..and you cannot beat the price...
2. This boom box has fantastic sound.  
3. Plenty of volume for a boom box, with only minimal distortion at the loud end.  
4. This is the best radio Boom box I ever had the sound from it is simply awesome ., Sometimes I'll hook up my tablet to it and watch movies on it or I'll listen radio stations from around the country and around the world., I've seen theese radios around here in Connecticut and they want over  $ 200.00 for it., This is the best deal I ever got on a radio.
5. Thought the boom box would give good overall performance. 
6. DUH, of course it's not a top of the line home stereo system, but what it IS is an excellent sounding portable boom box with as much bass as you want to pull out of it.  
7. Super nice boom box, has nice bass. i love the aux input function. 
8. This boom box is decent while it works. 
9. I've had this boom box for several months. 
10. So, this thing is GOOD for a boom box, but not as good as a home stereo.I think a boombox's design may be limiting things.  
11. - One of the very few commercial boom boxes that delivers on size and power.  
12. Most boom boxes these days are tiny in comparison.- 3.5mm (1/8") audio input for use with external devices, like MP3 players and smartphones.Cons:- No customizable EQ settings.  
13. Good, great boom box. 
14. This is a great boom box for outdoor use where the sound can get lost. 
15. It is loud and sounds good for a boom box.
16. This is a awesome boom box, and that's exactly what it does! 
17. I am really enjoying my new boom box. 
18. I got more than I expected, it is great, the sound is great, it is a large not small boom box, there is is only one negative thing I have to say about it, the tuning window does not light up, besides that everything is a plus!!!!!!!!!
19. This is by far the best sounding 'boom box' that I've  ever owned. 
20. I ordered two at the exact same time.One perfect, the other the lid on the CD when you punch it down didn't always easily pop up like it's supposed to -- but with repeated effort it would.I love the HUGE bass.I just wish these modern boom boxes had microphone input, instead of iPod stuff.Also, for the price I could get a Memorex 4 - some, i.e. cd, cassette ,  fm / am, and lp.
21. This model met all my criteria for the perfect boom box.  
22. I've had great luck choosing "Boom Boxes" over the last 40 years(Panasonic RS-466-AS Sony FH-7 MK III) and with my last unit finally on it's last leg after 15 years of dependable service, I needed to investigate what the market had to offer. 
23. The Boom Box has great sound quality, the CD's are easy to use, the cassette feature is a little confusing, the radio's sound is good.  
24. This Boom box is super cool otherwise.
25. Good boom boxes are getting hard to find!!
26. I have a coup[e of old smaller Sony CFM boom boxes (that are very spectacular at bass reflex in spite of their small size) and I will give them to those people!! 
27. As the true POWER "BOOM BOX" with sound Quality fades through time.... 
28. There is also an input hole for your own input cord and so you can extend the mp3 player away from boom box.  
29. It is a great boom box. 
30. If you need an upgrade, or just a great boom box, this is the box to buy. 
31. This is the most rugged boom box I ever had in all my 50 years. 
32. bought this for the deck next to the new pool and i am very pleased. this boom box has clean sound in the mids and highs and all the bass you will ever need. i am a hard rock/heavy metal type guy and this box will "knock you in the pool"if youcrank it up past about 6 or 7 on the volume. i admit that sometimes if i use the subwoofer with my rockin music ,i change the mode to salsa from rock to take the edge off the sub and highs just a bit. love being able to plug up my mp3 player with the built in male plug also. overall a great boombox especially for the price and quality.
33. I bought this Sony last year, my son and I love this great sounding boom box! 
34. I had a great Panasonic boom box from about 1990 that needed to be replaced and this does the job.  
35. After buying this fabulous boom box I have to concur.  
36. Inside the MH, it is LOUD going down the highway, but the boom box has enough volume capacity to be heard easily above the din caused by engine, wind, and shakes/rattles.  
37. Great sound in this little boom box, well it ain't that little. 
38. Sound is good but this Boom box has a huge foot print. 

negative sentences : 
1. The boom box is ugly, but a great, solidly built system.
2. No one is going to pay $200+for a "boom box" any more. 
3. Something that lacks in other boom boxes for nearly the same cash.  
4. That is the highest output on ANY boom box. 
5. Most every boom box out there has 1.7-4 watts power per speaker.  
6. Then I bought a different boom box from them and moved on.
7. I purchased this boom box for my adolescent daughter and she loves it.  
8. Pros:- Good sound overall.- Nice and loud when I need it to be.- Different bass settings from boom to BOOOOM!
9. I've had many boom boxes and this beast is the best one I've ever heard. 
10. for the money, boom boxes are hard to come by.this is loud and clear. great with jazz.looks like it was designed by a 16 yo boy though
11. This Is Not Your Typical Boom Box With Tinny Cheap Sound. 
12. It's really much more of a boom box than what I needed. 
13. If you like a deep base powerful boom box this is your champion, the sound quality is great, not sure why it has a cassette recorder, who doesn't have CDs by now and its got some weight to it, not the easiest box to move around, but i take it to our volleyball games and its excellent. 
14. I like using my computer on this boom box with Winamp (The best sounding multimedia software I ever heard) because you can fully customize the sound on the boom box, and add even more bass. 
15. In fact I still have my Montgomery Wards 8-track boom box as well as a 1980's Sony and a few others.I am not a big Sony fan but this boom box is awesome.  
16. In fact I still have my Montgomery Wards 8-track boom box as well as a 1980's Sony and a few others.I am not a big Sony fan but this boom box is awesome.  
17. Volume level seems to be a bit lower and not quite as clear to my ears when using an mp3 player, but this is very slight.I have not tested battery use as to heave this beast around with batteries would get tiring very quickly.Overall, a great boom box that will not disappoint, but again, it is bigger than most made today (and deeper in width) and is heavy but great sound.The display is probably the weakest aspect of this player.  
18. I was looking for a one piece boom box that was not expensive, yet would sound good.  
19. Secondly, the X-plod models are the only transportable boom boxes that offer really loud sound quality.  
20. I had just purchased my Sony X-plod boom box and to be honest I was not expecting much for something under 100 bucks, but lets just go straight to the good stuff... 
21. Overall i would definitely recommend this to anyone needing a loud practical boom box!
22. The boom box got here early and has an awesome sound&#62; I use it as my CD Player for my dance studio and I love it. 
23. Unfortunately, I have had  NUMEROUS,  repeat, NUMEROUS horrible experiences with ALL  Sony  products,  from Beta VCR machines, televisions,  portable music players,  other  boom boxes and  you name it,  they all failed.After 2 plays,  this has lasted.  
24. It just goes back to the frequency 87.5 when you unplug it, but does not forget your presets.My favorite thing about this boom box is the line input. 
25. I like using my computer on this boom box with Winamp (The best sounding multimedia software I ever heard) because you can fully customize the sound on the boom box, and add even more bass. 
26. I have owned many boom boxes through the years.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : box, positive Score : 60 and negative Score :-28
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I got this before hurricane season for news and music...i was worried because my family has two extremes the really picky sound system/ musician pain in the neck LOL perfect hearing and some of us have distortion in our hearing that makes clarity and loudness imperative...I have to say for the first time all of us could listen and comprehend the radio spoken voice and when cranked up the music we had  an even bigger blast...I spent a fortune on out door speakers and indoor sound sytems for each room....I have bought BOSE ipod speakers...MEH on the soundI have to say the sound on this boom box could have been  fine in our workout room and bedrooms...I just love it...I am sending one to my cousin who is hearing impaired because like me she has a hard time with radios...and stuff....This really was a godsend during hurricane Irene...the radio came in loud and clear it worked for days on batteries...was so worth it..and you cannot beat the price...
2. This boom box is decent while it works. 
3. After owning this for quite some time now I'm still amazed at how much sound comes out of this box.Plenty of power to make your music sound good and the batteries seem to last forever before you need to replace them.I hook up my iPhone to the boombox and listen for hours while I work on my cars and the sound is so clean with bass that really sounds good for such a small box.Well worth the money.
4. Super nice boom box, has nice bass. i love the aux input function. 
5. DUH, of course it's not a top of the line home stereo system, but what it IS is an excellent sounding portable boom box with as much bass as you want to pull out of it.  
6. There is also a very large button which activates the "Xplod" feature.It can be operated on battery or A/C plug in.It has a very strong handle;however,it is "extremely" heavy and I don't believe that it would be practical to lug around as a portable radio, but that is my opinion.It comes with its own remote control that is very simple to use and the radio bands have around 30 +/- presets.It plays CDs and also records and does playback with cassette tapes.I purchased this one from amazon.com and the price was under $100 and I think that the regular price in the big box electronic stores is regularly around $140.Try to have patience when trying to figure out how to enter the presets. 
7. Thought the boom box would give good overall performance. 
8. This is the best radio Boom box I ever had the sound from it is simply awesome ., Sometimes I'll hook up my tablet to it and watch movies on it or I'll listen radio stations from around the country and around the world., I've seen theese radios around here in Connecticut and they want over  $ 200.00 for it., This is the best deal I ever got on a radio.
9. This box is perfect for my purposes.  
10. I would highly recommend this Sony boom box (unless you need something small).
11. Plenty of volume for a boom box, with only minimal distortion at the loud end.  
12. This boom box has fantastic sound.  
13. Regardless, so the cassette added $3 to the cost and is all but useless - no big deal.Though this is a gift, I opened the package, tested it out, installed batteries (not included), bought headphones & blank cassettes, and threw the big cumbersome box away. 
14. I've had this boom box for several months. 
15. I got more than I expected, it is great, the sound is great, it is a large not small boom box, there is is only one negative thing I have to say about it, the tuning window does not light up, besides that everything is a plus!!!!!!!!!
16. I am really enjoying my new boom box. 
17. This is a awesome boom box, and that's exactly what it does! 
18. I bought mine from Amazon's open box / clearance center, so that can save you some money.
19. First of all, the cassette tape "play" button [he was most excited about, because he had a box full of old tapes he wanted to listen to] wouldn't stay down when pressed. 
20. It is loud and sounds good for a boom box.
21. This is a great boom box for outdoor use where the sound can get lost. 
22. Good, great boom box. 
23. The box arrived partially opened with several different types of tape on it. 
24. I bought this one to get good sound from one box, instead of inferior sound from many.  
25. So, this thing is GOOD for a boom box, but not as good as a home stereo.I think a boombox's design may be limiting things.  
26. The box sounded great  when playing CDs but the poor tuner is a big problem.I purchased a Milwaukee job site radio (2790-20) to replace the sony and it performs much better. 
27. There is also an input hole for your own input cord and so you can extend the mp3 player away from boom box.  
28. Sound is good but this Boom box has a huge foot print. 
29. If you need an upgrade, or just a great boom box, this is the box to buy. 
30. It is a great boom box. 
31. This model met all my criteria for the perfect boom box.  
32. I then took the radio out of the factory box and felt how heavy it was and my first thought was sony wasn't playing around when they made this one. 
33. Upon arrival I was suprised to see how big the shipping box was. 
34. The Boom Box has great sound quality, the CD's are easy to use, the cassette feature is a little confusing, the radio's sound is good.  
35. This Boom box is super cool otherwise.
36. Much better FM reception than my 25 year old box that it replaced. 
37. We've used this boom box camping and it has great, full sound. 
38. As the true POWER "BOOM BOX" with sound Quality fades through time.... 
39. A very STUPID idea not to have the display area illuminated and have the center bass speaker illuminated with a silly lighted red ring when the bass button is pressed.Over all if size is okay it's a good box for under $100.00.
40. Great sound in this little boom box, well it ain't that little. 
41. The box was as big as a mini fridge and was as wide as the doorway. 
42. This is by far the best sounding 'boom box' that I've  ever owned. 
43. I still rock my rear off so I need a good tune box and this is it. 
44. This is the most rugged boom box I ever had in all my 50 years. 
45. bought this for the deck next to the new pool and i am very pleased. this boom box has clean sound in the mids and highs and all the bass you will ever need. i am a hard rock/heavy metal type guy and this box will "knock you in the pool"if youcrank it up past about 6 or 7 on the volume. i admit that sometimes if i use the subwoofer with my rockin music ,i change the mode to salsa from rock to take the edge off the sub and highs just a bit. love being able to plug up my mp3 player with the built in male plug also. overall a great boombox especially for the price and quality.
46. I bought this Sony last year, my son and I love this great sounding boom box! 
47. I had a great Panasonic boom box from about 1990 that needed to be replaced and this does the job.  
48. Yeah the CD player stopped working long ago,never turned the radio on, and I have no idea if the tape player works or not; ....um nor do I have any idea why Sony decided to put it on this box in the first place. 
49. Inside the MH, it is LOUD going down the highway, but the boom box has enough volume capacity to be heard easily above the din caused by engine, wind, and shakes/rattles.  
50. The XM unit uses 12V from a standard cigarette lighter power outlet.This box has a built-in cord with the correct plug for taking input from an i-pod or MP3 source.  
51. After buying this fabulous boom box I have to concur.  
52. I'd recommend getting it through Sound City in NJ, if possible - their somewhat pricey S&H; is worth it in terms of speed and responsibility.Granted, the thing is dog-ugly - our daughter puts a green silk scarf over it when she has friends in the back yard - but it can deliver anything from hard rock to a Bruckner symphony like no other "box" we've heard; with quieter stuff like chamber music and piano/guitar/ harpsichord, it's hard to distinguish from our high-end shelf system. 

negative sentences : 
1. If you like a deep base powerful boom box this is your champion, the sound quality is great, not sure why it has a cassette recorder, who doesn't have CDs by now and its got some weight to it, not the easiest box to move around, but i take it to our volleyball games and its excellent. 
2. Most every boom box out there has 1.7-4 watts power per speaker.  
3. That is the highest output on ANY boom box. 
4. Other than that, this box takes care of business. 
5. No one is going to pay $200+for a "boom box" any more. 
6. The boom box is ugly, but a great, solidly built system.
7. Well, it did not sound amazing right out of the box.  
8. Then I bought a different boom box from them and moved on.
9. I purchased this boom box for my adolescent daughter and she loves it.  
10. This Is Not Your Typical Boom Box With Tinny Cheap Sound. 
11. If you like a deep base powerful boom box this is your champion, the sound quality is great, not sure why it has a cassette recorder, who doesn't have CDs by now and its got some weight to it, not the easiest box to move around, but i take it to our volleyball games and its excellent. 
12. I like using my computer on this boom box with Winamp (The best sounding multimedia software I ever heard) because you can fully customize the sound on the boom box, and add even more bass. 
13. In fact I still have my Montgomery Wards 8-track boom box as well as a 1980's Sony and a few others.I am not a big Sony fan but this boom box is awesome.  
14. In fact I still have my Montgomery Wards 8-track boom box as well as a 1980's Sony and a few others.I am not a big Sony fan but this boom box is awesome.  
15. Volume level seems to be a bit lower and not quite as clear to my ears when using an mp3 player, but this is very slight.I have not tested battery use as to heave this beast around with batteries would get tiring very quickly.Overall, a great boom box that will not disappoint, but again, it is bigger than most made today (and deeper in width) and is heavy but great sound.The display is probably the weakest aspect of this player.  
16. I was looking for a one piece boom box that was not expensive, yet would sound good.  
17. I had just purchased my Sony X-plod boom box and to be honest I was not expecting much for something under 100 bucks, but lets just go straight to the good stuff... 
18. Overall i would definitely recommend this to anyone needing a loud practical boom box!
19. The boom box got here early and has an awesome sound&#62; I use it as my CD Player for my dance studio and I love it. 
20. And, being that I bought a factory sealed, damaged box, unit in the closeout section, along with signing up for the Amazon credit with a 30 dollar discount on your first purchase, I paid about 10 dollars more than I would have on one of those cheap little Sony boomboxes sold at Sears and WalMart for 49.95...plus tax. 
21. It just goes back to the frequency 87.5 when you unplug it, but does not forget your presets.My favorite thing about this boom box is the line input. 
22. I like using my computer on this boom box with Winamp (The best sounding multimedia software I ever heard) because you can fully customize the sound on the boom box, and add even more bass. 
23. It's really much more of a boom box than what I needed. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : unit, positive Score : 63 and negative Score :-25
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Hopefully Sony will come up with a version of this unit with a civilized appearance, better EQ, no cassette deck, same audio specs, and bigger, lighted, more informative LCD.It does sound great.
2. It is very small, with no backlight, and to see it....you actually have to search and view with a flashlight....something you think they would have corrected from the last similar unit, to this newer model.  
3. I was careful to keep the second unit indoors when it was not in use, but still it failed after a relatively short life. 
4. The unit continued to work for 18 months and then failed to power up in the same way as the first unit had. 
5. The unit is reliable and the sound level (20W) is adequate for many applications but won't do well when trying to play music/voice for more than 50 to 60 people.  
6. It has a sleep feature for the radio which is good for me as I listen to talk radio before falling asleep and this radio's sleep mechanism takes care of shutting it off.You won't believe the great sound you will enjoy on the music stations also.In the center of the unit on top you'll notice buttons to depress for the different types of music like rock,dance,etc. built into the unit to give optimal listening enjoyment and performance. 
7. Regarding these characteristics, you'll be hard pressed to find a better unit at this or any price!
8. In any case, I purchase this unit for the great sound, the ability to play mp3 discs (sometimes you just don't want to drag your mp3 player around) and the mp3 audio input.  
9. The unit also sounds good at lower volumn indoors.Don't get me wrong, it's not a replacement for my home stereo, but then again I can't haul my home unit around either.  
10. But I got used to the workings of this unit very quick . & don't even really need it ! 
11. As other reviewers have duly noted...this unit is rather large.  
12. For the price, it's a great unit.  
13. If you are looking for a unit that can play your old cassettes or CD's or MP3 players on the patio or deck or even around the fire, then this is the one for you. 
14. Although I can use an iPod with the external jack, it was nice to load a CD up with MP3 files and control the player with the unit's remote.All in all the CFDG700CP serves up impressive sound that will blow the doors off of other portable radios!
15. Great unit, just what I expected from Sony.
16. Nice portable unit. 
17. I will still have to get a nice  home unit for the experience that isuncompromised.
18. I needed a good sounding portable player that would also be good for in the house at times.The unit is high quality and serves the purpose well. 
19. But I did my research before buying it, and to me, it looked like the best unit for its price range.  
20. The woofer has three settings for different audio tastes, and I find the middle setting to be best for me.This unit has a cassette player.  
21. If your space will only accommodate a small footprint this unit isn't for you; 2) the styling is way over the top - I can't imagine any decor where this thing wouldn't be conspicuous; 3) the display is small, not backlit, and hard to read (at least for old people); 4) the thing is also pretty heavy, so while it is portable some might consider it a "luggable".  
22. All in all a fine unit.
23. First and foremost, this is a good unit and for its price; you are absolutely getting your money's worth. 
24. Pictures on the Amazon site give you the breadth but not the depth of the sizing.Assuming you can handle the size, the main function of the unit - produce quality sound at high volumes - is worth the entry fee.  
25. This unit is HUGE.It looks ready to take off, or strap it to your back like the rocket pack from the Rocketeer (and it's about that same size).  
26. I haven't used it for that yet because I've been playing around with it too much.This is a great buy and a great unit.  
27. This Sony is Waay better than the last unit, with superior sound, variable sound profiles, and everything works!
28. One big plus is the remtote that come with the unit, it has all functions including power on and off, dialing in the sound sculpt, sub off, on and full power, radio presets, track selection and so on.The unit isn't as "huge" as reviewers are claiming, but it is deep from front to back. 
29. I've had great luck choosing "Boom Boxes" over the last 40 years(Panasonic RS-466-AS Sony FH-7 MK III) and with my last unit finally on it's last leg after 15 years of dependable service, I needed to investigate what the market had to offer. 
30. This unit is really impressive! 
31. This is a very bulky unit. 
32. The remote is very handy although you would think that the remote would turn the unit on and not just off.  
33. this unit had really great sound, especially woofer, and all features that we wanted, but was large and heavy for our purposes, which includes using at traveling classes, so we had to return it.too bad.
34. This unit is big and heavy - but man it puts out some sound! 
35. This unit is not exactly portable; at around 30 pounds, I'd say it's more "luggable."  
36. The unit is on the large side, especially deep. 
37. Also like the mp3 input jack and its location near the bottom of the unit (set the Ipod next to the boombox on the table).The red light around the woofer is bright, but I think it looks kind of cools, especially at night. 
38. Now things are getting better (I got an income) I decided to look on Amazon for this Killer Sony unit from outer space. 
39. But I can tell already, with a few exceptions, this is a great unit. 
40. You have to be close or right in front of the unit for the remote to work. 
41. Now I can plug my phone (with tons of music on it) into this unit and hear it with large booming sound. 
42. As any reader might be able to tell, I have been really happy with the unit's performance during the uses I bought it for.  
43. Along with the handle, any attempt to shoulder carry the unit will be very uncomfortable, it is just not designed to be transported that way. 3. 
44. Those features are not what I bought the unit for, but I'd expect good results as well, with also a greater effect on battery life.It is big, and a bit heavy, but great in most every way, and seems to be a durable unit.Negatives:  I can think of only four... 1. 
45. The XM unit uses 12V from a standard cigarette lighter power outlet.This box has a built-in cord with the correct plug for taking input from an i-pod or MP3 source.  
46. June 2012I have used this unit for a couple of weeks now, and am so impressed with the unit's performance.  
47. I know it's apples to oranges, but my other option was a jobsite style radio and I'm guessing this is much better than the other unit I had considered and only a few dollars more.
48. That's a problem, as the unit is really too big to go on a shelf. 
49. Thus, I give highest marks to Amazon, with whom I have done a lot of business over a lot of years.I give this unit high marks for sound quality, particularly its bass response.  
50. The only way I could get the unit to respond to the remote was to stand right in front of it when I pressed a remote button.  
51. On a couple of older boomboxes I had, I could get the unit to read a remote signal, even if it was received as a reflection off of a wall.  
52. The sound is pretty good, especially for a portable unit. 

negative sentences : 
1. This unit puts out great bass, but not being able to fine tune the sound to my personal preference was a deal breaker for me. 
2. It's also kinda bulky, but it's very inexpensive for a 20 Watt unit.  
3. This is not only a great sounding unit but it looks good too!  
4. Well, it arrived yesterday, in the original packaging with the tape sagging, but the internal fitted-cardboard packaging protected the unit just fine.  
5. But I have no issue whatsoever with the quality of sound.Two concerns...well not concerns, but more like wishful thinking.1.- I wish the unit would be smaller (let's say this more than a rubenesque unit). 
6. But I have no issue whatsoever with the quality of sound.Two concerns...well not concerns, but more like wishful thinking.1.- I wish the unit would be smaller (let's say this more than a rubenesque unit). 
7. This was not the sellers fault but is just part of the frustration of getting a defective unit from and untrustworthy seller.The actuall item sounds great (on the left) so I did order another one new from Ritz Camera.
8. (The speakers sound good, so it's not a huge deal, but still).- Handle feels flimsy, like it's going to break when I pick up the unit.- Audio input isn't openly accessible; it's behind this rather clunky door, and has this weird loose plug you have to figure out what to do with when you're using it.  
9. I mainly wanted a portable unit that would play mp3 disks (for band practice)and would be loud enough to hear over an electric guitar, amp, etc.  
10. My major complaint with this unit is what others here have posted:  The display is almost worthless because it is ridiculously tiny and unlit.Overall, the Sony CFDG700CP is a good product and is well-priced.  
11. I thought it was a steal, but it turned out to be &#34;to good to be true.&#34;This unit will not stay on the function chosen.  
12. , asking more than Amazon sells this unit for at full price. 
13. Unfortunately the unit was defective. 
14. Then i realized that i'm more interested in decent sound quality than some ultra-portable unit that i'd never use because the the sound was so tinny. 
15. I first seen this unit at a shopping mall on an Island called Bohol (part of the Philippines) I thought it was a wicked bad a__ unit and I wanted it right then and there. 
16. It's playing my MP3 recorded CD's perfectly, it pulls in many FM stations my shelf unit cant find. 
17. I have owned 3 other boxes, and this unit has by far the best Bass and the mid-range and treble are just as good if not better than any I have ever heard from a portable boombox CD/MP3/Radio player.  
18. I would like to have more control over sound range rather than preset controls... however the best rated systems are well over $100 to $200 more than this unit... so to me it's the best value for the cost.
19. This helps the sub deliver surprisingly deep bass and gives this unit an overall impressive sound. 
20. This unit has a built-in audio connecting cord, so the Sony cord I ordered with this was not necessary.As usual, delivery service was tops.
21. And, being that I bought a factory sealed, damaged box, unit in the closeout section, along with signing up for the Amazon credit with a 30 dollar discount on your first purchase, I paid about 10 dollars more than I would have on one of those cheap little Sony boomboxes sold at Sears and WalMart for 49.95...plus tax. 
22. It just very simply sounds like a boombox, and I guess I am not a big fan of them in general if the speakers can't be separated, ie without a "satellite" function, and the Sony doesn't have that in its design or features.I found the cassette system a poor excuse for one of those also, because the system does not have a reverse mechanism, so "auto play" is impossible with the single-direction unit in the Sony boombox, and that's another BIG knock. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : radio, positive Score : 87 and negative Score :-21
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Plus a AM/FM radio with preset channelsOn top of that it has really good sound and adjustable baseI would highly recommend this item
2. The Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette Recorder is a great boombox when you need sound that carries. 
3. I didn't care for the tiny diplay window or the cassette player, but the sound was great for the cd and radio. 
4. This radio has excellent sound quality.  
5. I listen mostly to Classic Rock, and did not really need a ton of Bass, but this radio sounds great at all volume levels.The remote control is especially convenient. 
6. Very attractive and volume and sound are great...but, the radio tuning is awkward and all keys are tiny.Price decent.
7. Antenna adjustment allows for clearer radio signals, while controls for both cd and cassette were easy to use both on the unit as well as on the remote. 
8. the radio has a good sound. 
9. The method to switch from radio to CD and auxiliary mode are very easy to understand, even for oldies like me (smiles).The sound quality it's decent+. 
10. It's easy reading and only needed to learn how to program favorite radio channels; plus to find out what the little, hard to see icons mean on the display.I only wish the LCD display pane was much larger and backlit. 
11. Radio signals come in clear. 
12. I keep it plugged in - so I cannot comment on battery usage.It blasts music from the radio or CD very clear. 
13. Instead they have rock, flat, dance, Reggaeton and salsa.my old sony CD radio was better quality and has lasted several years (maybe 10 years old now) and I do not think this is of the same quality but it is still good quality and hopefully last five or so years.  
14. I played pandora radio and it sounds fantastic!  
15. This is so convenient with the included and attached aux input cable and it also has has great radio signal reception. 
16. I needed one that was easy to play my mp3 player through and had a good radio. 
17. I work in new housing construction, and need a radio that can fill a whole house with music, and the Sony does just that. 
18. The radio gets great reception, and the CD player also plays MP3's. 
19. I got this before hurricane season for news and music...i was worried because my family has two extremes the really picky sound system/ musician pain in the neck LOL perfect hearing and some of us have distortion in our hearing that makes clarity and loudness imperative...I have to say for the first time all of us could listen and comprehend the radio spoken voice and when cranked up the music we had  an even bigger blast...I spent a fortune on out door speakers and indoor sound sytems for each room....I have bought BOSE ipod speakers...MEH on the soundI have to say the sound on this boom box could have been  fine in our workout room and bedrooms...I just love it...I am sending one to my cousin who is hearing impaired because like me she has a hard time with radios...and stuff....This really was a godsend during hurricane Irene...the radio came in loud and clear it worked for days on batteries...was so worth it..and you cannot beat the price...
20. I like burning 10 hours of music to a disc and just leaving it in there.The radio has a digital tuner, with a multi-segment antenna.The subwoofer sounds great. 
21. THIS REALLY IS THE BEST DEAL FOR THE BUCK, AN ENGINEERED PORTABLE SOUND SYSTEM, YOU CAN`T GO WRONG.I HAVE USED THIS ONE FOR YEARS IN THE GYM, CRANKED UP, AND IT IS GREAT, I USE THE FM RADIO AND CD  NOT THE TAPE PLAYER.IF THIS IS YOUR FIRST PURCHASE AVOID SONYS CFDG505 I USED ONE FOR YEARS BEFORE THE 700 CAME OUT, IT IS DISCONTINUED BUT STILL AVAILABLE.  
22. The truth is that this is a Cheap machine and my daughters $ 20 off brand radio is build better. 
23. The new maching arived and the radio is no diffrient. 
24. Awesome radio, I bought mine for work and I work in a very loud area where you have to wear earplugs all the time and people still complain its to loud, which is awesome because its what I wanted, something loud enough to drown out the noise.
25. I think if they'd put this radio's proven electronics into a more sleek sophisticated boombox housing, similar to the old "executive micro" systems from a decade or so ago, they'd really have a winner. 
26. Secondly, it has a built-in aux input cord for your mp3 player (smart), BUT, the gain is lower than the CD/radio input (dumb), so you have to turn up the radio's volume considerably higher for mp3s. 
27. Secondly, it has a built-in aux input cord for your mp3 player (smart), BUT, the gain is lower than the CD/radio input (dumb), so you have to turn up the radio's volume considerably higher for mp3s. 
28. I do love the CD player and the radio sound quality is terrific.  
29. rewind on cassette player took way to long to rewind a tape and tuning in a radio station was very bad, could not getgood reception on any channels , FM or AM lots of static even with or without an outdoor antenna.  
30. This radio is great, and relatively portable (it's a bit heavy with batteries, and a bit bulky too), it's going to rock your picnic or pool party out, and I recommend it.
31. Ahhh, memories, who can forget those times hovering around the radio to catch the latest hit on tape, &#34;The song is about to come on the radio, get ready to press record!!!  
32. Ahhh, memories, who can forget those times hovering around the radio to catch the latest hit on tape, &#34;The song is about to come on the radio, get ready to press record!!!  
33. Good product, but it has difficulty  tuning to local radio stations. 
34. My college age son really enjoys this boombox, however his campus is a distance from significant radio stations, so the reception is a bit tricky. 
35. This is the third (and, by the way things have been going, final) radio I've brought there.  
36. While they are at it, I think tossing the big, bulky, wasteful batteries in favor of a rechargeable solution would really bring this radio into the 21st century.If you're a college student, street performer, fitness or dance instructor, or you just love great sound quality and need something with serious volume & bass, this boombox is a great choice. 
37. I would recommend anyone to purchase this boombox for their husband that wants a great stereo sound in a small boombox type radio.  
38. We had the radio on almost the entire trip so we were very happy that we did not need to replace the batteries during the trip. 
39. I think it will be hilarious when I go walking down the street at either of those places carrying this monster with Ice T and Body Count blasting away :) Body Count in da house Mutha.....maybe I should just stop there :)So I got a nice 20 watt radio, cassette, cd, mp3 player that, albeit large, I can tote around from place to place. 
40. The tiny digital screen which displays several things (like am/fm radio, if its on cd or playing songs from my cell (audio in,  showing on screen etc.) 
41. i'm a yard jocky and love to hear the music at the back of the trailor when i'm opening the doors and can hear the music clearly when the motor of the truck is roaring.it has a lot of nice features a cassette player,cd player that plays mp3's no backlight display but has a light on the subwoofer.i like the supplied cord to hookup my xm radio mp3 player and listen to the ac/dc channel it rocks.i highly recommend DependableResource for the purchase $2.00 cheaperthan everyone and extreamly fast free shipping i ordered 2 days agoand have it already.my review isn't as detailed as the other reviews but they are on the money!
42. CD, Radio and cassette player with preset options, decent design with good bass for a little over $100....seems like a pretty good deal to me. 
43. One big plus is the remtote that come with the unit, it has all functions including power on and off, dialing in the sound sculpt, sub off, on and full power, radio presets, track selection and so on.The unit isn't as "huge" as reviewers are claiming, but it is deep from front to back. 
44. I was going to choose a larger 100W radio to hook up my Zune to, I decided to go with this instead and I love it, great sound, good bass
45. This Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette Recorder is very good with its bass.  
46. It has everything you need...a cd player, a cassette player, radio, audio input, and GREAT SOUND!!! 
47. I recommend this one to any person looking for a good ole' quality boombox that has cassette, cd, radio capabilities and more!
48. The Boom Box has great sound quality, the CD's are easy to use, the cassette feature is a little confusing, the radio's sound is good.  
49. Great feature is even with no batteries in it it still holds the memory of all the preset radio stations. 
50. Unlike the CD controls, the hard to read LCD display for the radio, and the auxiliary connectors, the preset buttons are huge and prominent and easy to find, but once you set it on a preset you can pretty much leave it there. 
51. Everything is great - design, sound and radio. 
52. Fantastic quality of the sound, radio stations are clear and easy to set. 
53. Since I listen mostly to jazz off the radio and enjoy classical music as well I know I've gotten a great all round device. 
54. There is also a very large button which activates the "Xplod" feature.It can be operated on battery or A/C plug in.It has a very strong handle;however,it is "extremely" heavy and I don't believe that it would be practical to lug around as a portable radio, but that is my opinion.It comes with its own remote control that is very simple to use and the radio bands have around 30 +/- presets.It plays CDs and also records and does playback with cassette tapes.I purchased this one from amazon.com and the price was under $100 and I think that the regular price in the big box electronic stores is regularly around $140.Try to have patience when trying to figure out how to enter the presets. 
55. There is also a very large button which activates the "Xplod" feature.It can be operated on battery or A/C plug in.It has a very strong handle;however,it is "extremely" heavy and I don't believe that it would be practical to lug around as a portable radio, but that is my opinion.It comes with its own remote control that is very simple to use and the radio bands have around 30 +/- presets.It plays CDs and also records and does playback with cassette tapes.I purchased this one from amazon.com and the price was under $100 and I think that the regular price in the big box electronic stores is regularly around $140.Try to have patience when trying to figure out how to enter the presets. 
56. It has a sleep feature for the radio which is good for me as I listen to talk radio before falling asleep and this radio's sleep mechanism takes care of shutting it off.You won't believe the great sound you will enjoy on the music stations also.In the center of the unit on top you'll notice buttons to depress for the different types of music like rock,dance,etc. built into the unit to give optimal listening enjoyment and performance. 
57. This really is an awesome radio, it does the job it looks like an evil transformer and will turn into a robot at any moment but I suppose that's part of the charm.so happy that I took the chance on this one :)
58. I could not give it a 5 star rating because the display window in the front that tells you what track number you are on or what radio station number is too small. 
59. This is the best radio Boom box I ever had the sound from it is simply awesome ., Sometimes I'll hook up my tablet to it and watch movies on it or I'll listen radio stations from around the country and around the world., I've seen theese radios around here in Connecticut and they want over  $ 200.00 for it., This is the best deal I ever got on a radio.
60. It has excellent radio reception (I live way out in the sticks) and the sound is very clean and crisp even at high volumn.  
61. Radio fine on nearby stations.  
62. I know it's apples to oranges, but my other option was a jobsite style radio and I'm guessing this is much better than the other unit I had considered and only a few dollars more.
63. The sub-woofer is likely the biggest power drain, at least when using the radio or an external music source.  
64. The radio seems better than JVC though. 
65. Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette RecorderThis Boombox has great sound and power playing my cassettes and my CDs. 
66. This is not an &#34;easy travel&#34; boombox, it is big and heavy but you get HUGE sound out of this radio.  
67. i love this radio sound is great very good price came packed excellent sound is unbelievabe i would highly recommend
68. I have a 20.00 radio with a light display that looks great, so there cant be a real money issue with it.  

negative sentences : 
1. Most boomboxes aren't loud enough or the radio reception is lousy.  
2. This sony boombox is everything I wanted in a portable radio right now. 
3. Although I live in a smaller condominium, the area where I live has poor reception for radio stations that I formerly had no difficulty in picking up where I used to live. 
4. The CD and radio sound great, although we have not tried the tape player yet,
5. It's an inexpensive portable radio/CD and it sounds just fine at low to medium volume levels. 
6. The PROS: Rich, BIG bass; loud and clean sound; built-in sound presets; auxiliary jack for connecting MP3 players or other audio devices; comes with remote control; big, solid feel; circular red LED light around the bass driver is neatThe CONS: Tiny LCD display is hard to read; archaic mechanical cassette controls; circular red LED light always on with woofer in use; heavy with batteries; would like a user adjustable sound control; CD mechanism didn't lastLooking for a battery powered 'portable radio' with a big voice? 
7. Setting the pre-sets is a little convoluted, but once you do it a couple times it's no big deal.A solid " recommend" on this radio
8. But I have not done a serious radio test.3. 
9. You get to listen to cds, mp3 players, radio, cassette and you get different subwoofer power settings and different sound type settings.  
10. I wanted a portable radio that delivered great sound and this is all that for the price.  
11. And by the way, much like ugly pets and children, this radio's looks improves as it becomes more endearing to you.
12. The sound is not as good as the JVC RV-NB1 Radio Cassette CD Boombox I had that I gave to a family member. 
13. It was bought to connect with my portable XM radio receiver/MP3 player, and be used for sound when traveling across the country in an old motor home.  
14. I have owned 3 other boxes, and this unit has by far the best Bass and the mid-range and treble are just as good if not better than any I have ever heard from a portable boombox CD/MP3/Radio player.  
15. Radio reception is decent - Not great / Not bad either.In summary, You may want to check out other options in Walmart (that are available in price range between 30-80 USD) before buying this one. 
16. This is loud enough to play music for the whole boat while you're pulling a wake boarder without distortion.The one thing this can't do is play loud enough for the skier or wake boarder to hear, but for the price it's hard to fault the radio.Definitely 5 stars, and have already recommended it to friends.
17. The fact that you can play all audio media from the last 25 years (except miniDisc, but we all knew that was a fad) and the AUX input makes this the only portable radio you'll ever need. 
18. The radio work well, but not great.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : player, positive Score : 61 and negative Score :-25
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. This is a great Boombox that does everything, CD''s, tapes, mp3, MD player plugin or anything else that you can plug in to the aux. 
2. I wanted a combination radio, CD player and tape player with excellent bass, and this Sony has everything I need. 
3. I was essentially torn between this (the xplod 700) and the xplod 505.I wanted:- Good overall sound- Good bass response- Line-in / ability to use my mp3 player with it.- Good reviews on Amazon- Free shipping (i have paid for that feature)My review is based on these criteriaI just received it today, so this review is as such.First, let me say: do not let the weight scare you off.  
4. Although I can use an iPod with the external jack, it was nice to load a CD up with MP3 files and control the player with the unit's remote.All in all the CFDG700CP serves up impressive sound that will blow the doors off of other portable radios!
5. I needed one that was easy to play my mp3 player through and had a good radio. 
6. She has had the same old CD player for some time.  
7. In any case, I purchase this unit for the great sound, the ability to play mp3 discs (sometimes you just don't want to drag your mp3 player around) and the mp3 audio input.  
8. The left of the player is lined up on middle C.  
9. I tried my MP3 player next and found that the volume dropped considerably even with the MP3 player turned up to max. 
10. The radio and CD player plays just great. 
11. Out of curiosity I recorded a song with it and it sounded pretty good for a modern cassette player.The AM/FM tuner has really good reception on FM but never tried AM. 
12. Of course the CD player has all of the features of a full sized CD player. 
13. I wanted a combination radio, CD player and tape player with excellent bass, and this Sony has everything I need. 
14. Radio, and CD player all in great working order.  
15. I mean, I have a 22-year old JVC boombox that has a top mounted CD player like the one in the Sony, but for the cassette mechanism there's a double-featured cassette system with 2 units, so you can record from tape to tape, CD to tape, and BOTH sides have "auto play", or auto-reverse built into them, so go figure that out! 
16. THIS REALLY IS THE BEST DEAL FOR THE BUCK, AN ENGINEERED PORTABLE SOUND SYSTEM, YOU CAN`T GO WRONG.I HAVE USED THIS ONE FOR YEARS IN THE GYM, CRANKED UP, AND IT IS GREAT, I USE THE FM RADIO AND CD  NOT THE TAPE PLAYER.IF THIS IS YOUR FIRST PURCHASE AVOID SONYS CFDG505 I USED ONE FOR YEARS BEFORE THE 700 CAME OUT, IT IS DISCONTINUED BUT STILL AVAILABLE.  
17. CD player sound good but hard to see buttons with very little options.This is my first review on any product, Just don't buy, you will be disapointed.
18. Excellent sound quality and the price was right.it also came with a mp3 player and the base is kind of cool as it thumps.
19. CD's sounds really great in the player, love the red glowing color on the front of the player, and all the features on the boom box.
20. I needed a good sounding portable player that would also be good for in the house at times.The unit is high quality and serves the purpose well. 
21. Secondly, it has a built-in aux input cord for your mp3 player (smart), BUT, the gain is lower than the CD/radio input (dumb), so you have to turn up the radio's volume considerably higher for mp3s. 
22. rewind on cassette player took way to long to rewind a tape and tuning in a radio station was very bad, could not getgood reception on any channels , FM or AM lots of static even with or without an outdoor antenna.  
23. The radio gets great reception, and the CD player also plays MP3's. 
24. I didn't care for the tiny diplay window or the cassette player, but the sound was great for the cd and radio. 
25. I would highly recommend this unit to anyone who prefers a single CD player. 
26. The CD player works really good, I guess since Sony and Philips did invent the CD together. 
27. (the only thing missing is the backlight display again. i guess sony leaves it out cuz of lights going around the subwoofer other than that, this is a perfect boombox) oh also if you are listening to a cd or an mp3 cd, if you stop playing the cd, the thing wont remember where you left of. i personally don't like that cuz i want to hear an mp3 cd over several days without having to hear the same songs over and over. but i can live with that cuz i have my sony dne330 walkman cd player easily taking care of my mp3 cd's on clearbass level 2 (can go to clearbass level 3 but that is already too much bass and the boombox can take it without distortion) bottom line if only it had that damn backlight display it would be perfect. but who knows, maybe sony will put it in on next years model.
28. The MP3 format CD player is amazing! 
29. It has everything you need...a cd player, a cassette player, radio, audio input, and GREAT SOUND!!! 
30. It has everything you need...a cd player, a cassette player, radio, audio input, and GREAT SOUND!!! 
31. When rehearsing dance steps outside or having a party, one can find out rather quickly that the sounds and the open air can really drown out your weak music player. 
32. It has CD, tape, radio, and a cord for plugging in your smart phone, iPod/iPad, MP3 player, etc. which is a great bonus.  
33. There is also an input hole for your own input cord and so you can extend the mp3 player away from boom box.  
34. You can use a built in cord that is about a foot long or so and it works fine, but of course the mp3 player has to be kept very close.  
35. There are actually 2 ways to hook up an external player.  
36. After about 6 hours, this player played every song flawless - no hiccups, skips, retracking, etc...it was perfect.The cassette player I have not tested.The mp3 player input is great.  
37. After about 6 hours, this player played every song flawless - no hiccups, skips, retracking, etc...it was perfect.The cassette player I have not tested.The mp3 player input is great.  
38. After about 6 hours, this player played every song flawless - no hiccups, skips, retracking, etc...it was perfect.The cassette player I have not tested.The mp3 player input is great.  
39. CD, Radio and cassette player with preset options, decent design with good bass for a little over $100....seems like a pretty good deal to me. 
40. i'm a yard jocky and love to hear the music at the back of the trailor when i'm opening the doors and can hear the music clearly when the motor of the truck is roaring.it has a lot of nice features a cassette player,cd player that plays mp3's no backlight display but has a light on the subwoofer.i like the supplied cord to hookup my xm radio mp3 player and listen to the ac/dc channel it rocks.i highly recommend DependableResource for the purchase $2.00 cheaperthan everyone and extreamly fast free shipping i ordered 2 days agoand have it already.my review isn't as detailed as the other reviews but they are on the money!
41. But all of this is mitigated by the superior performance of this product.But, all in all, this is the best Boombox that I ever had, and the sound comes close to my stereo compnent CD player. 
42. bought this for the deck next to the new pool and i am very pleased. this boom box has clean sound in the mids and highs and all the bass you will ever need. i am a hard rock/heavy metal type guy and this box will "knock you in the pool"if youcrank it up past about 6 or 7 on the volume. i admit that sometimes if i use the subwoofer with my rockin music ,i change the mode to salsa from rock to take the edge off the sub and highs just a bit. love being able to plug up my mp3 player with the built in male plug also. overall a great boombox especially for the price and quality.
43. However, I was a little disappointed in the cassette player.  
44. Second, I wanted another good cassette player/recorder to replace other aging equipment so that I could continue listening to my cassette tapes library until I got around to converting them to digital.The CD-R player works great!  
45. Second, I wanted another good cassette player/recorder to replace other aging equipment so that I could continue listening to my cassette tapes library until I got around to converting them to digital.The CD-R player works great!  
46. Although lately I have been using the windows media player which actually has some nice functions (check out  the equalizer and the various sound enhancements). 
47. That's in stark contrast to earlier boombox remotes I have had, which allowed you to enter numbers on a number pad that the unit could interpret as chapter numbers and go directly to the selected chapter.To make matters worse, the infrared receiver for the remote built in to the player itself is unacceptably insensitive.  
48. i'm a yard jocky and love to hear the music at the back of the trailor when i'm opening the doors and can hear the music clearly when the motor of the truck is roaring.it has a lot of nice features a cassette player,cd player that plays mp3's no backlight display but has a light on the subwoofer.i like the supplied cord to hookup my xm radio mp3 player and listen to the ac/dc channel it rocks.i highly recommend DependableResource for the purchase $2.00 cheaperthan everyone and extreamly fast free shipping i ordered 2 days agoand have it already.my review isn't as detailed as the other reviews but they are on the money!
49. When I received it and started it up (hooked up to my trusty mp3 player), it sounded alright.  
50. Still in all, my wife drives an older Expedition with a cassette player so now she can make a few new tapes for her vehicle. 
51. I think it will be hilarious when I go walking down the street at either of those places carrying this monster with Ice T and Body Count blasting away :) Body Count in da house Mutha.....maybe I should just stop there :)So I got a nice 20 watt radio, cassette, cd, mp3 player that, albeit large, I can tote around from place to place. 
52. We used it to party on the beach every night and the cassette player even came in handy to play some old tapes we had.  

negative sentences : 
1. It was bought to connect with my portable XM radio receiver/MP3 player, and be used for sound when traveling across the country in an old motor home.  
2. No real use for the tape player, but if the CD player ever goes bad, you can get a converter through the tape recorder and still make use of the boom box without having to buy a new one.
3. No real use for the tape player, but if the CD player ever goes bad, you can get a converter through the tape recorder and still make use of the boom box without having to buy a new one.
4. Can play CDs, tapes, plug in your Ipod or other digital player.  
5. First, I wanted a CD player that could play my burned CD-Rs as my older CD players don't give consistent play performance (apparent weaker optical reader).  
6. The occasional, slight dysfunction of the tape player will just accelerate the conversion of the tapes to digital.
7. This works on pretty much every CD player, unless it really is broken.Now for the cassette player and yes, I still have audio cassettes. 
8. The CD player is top-loading.  
9. A good friend of mine brought this unit to a picnic over the the past summer and was using it with a cheap Sansa MP3 player.  
10. I was just having such a hard time finding a player that would play MP3's at the time.02/03/2011 Update:Well, even though I use the cassette player part only on occasion and for basic informational tapes, it has died already.  
11. Love everything about it except the cassette player which is obsolete. 
12. Should be noted there are two settings for the Sub giving you some flexibility over the amount of bass you want pumping through your system. bought a 25 foot 1/8 inch extension cord, but also use an mp3 player and looking forward to hooking it up to a tablet.
13. this is the boombox that will blow away the competition. i bought it at a sony outlet for more than amazon has it for. compared to the sony cfdg500 and the other xplod the cfdg505(ugly boombox in my opinion and was the twin to the cfdg500 but was no really an xplod boombox) the cfdg700cp has 20 watts of power and can rattle the windows in my room. this boombox can beat some of the shelf systems out there that i have already listened to and even owned one. this boombox is a beast but really thumps out the added bass that you can add with a cd player that you can very easily add with the built in wire. last years xplod(cfd505) could not really handle added bass. it would say help me. this time sony put a bigger and shiny subwoofer that you can see with the red lights around the subwoofer. also you now have mp3 playback capability.
14. Volume level seems to be a bit lower and not quite as clear to my ears when using an mp3 player, but this is very slight.I have not tested battery use as to heave this beast around with batteries would get tiring very quickly.Overall, a great boom box that will not disappoint, but again, it is bigger than most made today (and deeper in width) and is heavy but great sound.The display is probably the weakest aspect of this player.  
15. Volume level seems to be a bit lower and not quite as clear to my ears when using an mp3 player, but this is very slight.I have not tested battery use as to heave this beast around with batteries would get tiring very quickly.Overall, a great boom box that will not disappoint, but again, it is bigger than most made today (and deeper in width) and is heavy but great sound.The display is probably the weakest aspect of this player.  
16. The sound is loud enough,  but the cd player sucks.  
17. This time I am buying a cheap CD player jiust to play mysounds which is mostly what I used it for.
18. I have owned 3 other boxes, and this unit has by far the best Bass and the mid-range and treble are just as good if not better than any I have ever heard from a portable boombox CD/MP3/Radio player.  
19. So if you need a portable cd player with super sound, amazon is really the place to purchase this item, because nobody else had this model.
20. I had read other reviews complaining that the tape player was crappy, but I won't be playing tapes (or using the uinit to listen to the radio) so that didn't concern me. 
21. I had talked to customer service at Sony before I made the purchase and apparently the clerk did not understand what I wanted which was an mp3 player with a bookmark/memory.I wanted to return the item but the cost was 40% of the cost of the item.  
22. The player is not particularly hot anywhere on the outside.  
23. H U G E it was...it's like...laughable H U G E..I bought it to keep in my vehicle since my car stereo CD player is kaput..it doesn't even fit on my front seat...and it is super heavy to carry in and out of the car..my fault for not reading the specs !

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : bass, positive Score : 111 and negative Score :-62
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The center bass speaker distorted at mid volume levels and above.Sony quickly provided a refund.
2. (the only thing missing is the backlight display again. i guess sony leaves it out cuz of lights going around the subwoofer other than that, this is a perfect boombox) oh also if you are listening to a cd or an mp3 cd, if you stop playing the cd, the thing wont remember where you left of. i personally don't like that cuz i want to hear an mp3 cd over several days without having to hear the same songs over and over. but i can live with that cuz i have my sony dne330 walkman cd player easily taking care of my mp3 cd's on clearbass level 2 (can go to clearbass level 3 but that is already too much bass and the boombox can take it without distortion) bottom line if only it had that damn backlight display it would be perfect. but who knows, maybe sony will put it in on next years model.
3. i love it because its awesome. it has bass and loud but it doesnt has hole behind it. cause i have the one that has a hole the small xlod kindas. but anyways i love it. and thank you very much for the purchase! 
4. It's pretty straightforward,but works just fine, has plenty of bass and enough power to even sound good outside. 
5. It is not really portable to carry around the streets with batteries due to size and weight, but portable enough to go from place to place and plug it in.The sound quality is very good and sub woofer bass really pumps out the bass, especially for a boom box.  
6. It is large, great sounding with strong bass and loud.  
7. This radio has all the bells and whistles...you can hook up your mp3/ipod thru the headphone jack...awesome feature...ALOTTA BASS!!
8. Has nice bass sound, great quality. 
9. The bass is unbelievable.  
10. To be fair, I knew it was ugly when I bought it, but I wanted something affordable that sounds decent, and this was it.My older boomboxes from the 80s had graphic equalizers, I wish this one did too, I shuffle through the presets until I find it sounds best, but I'd prefer a simple treble and bass adjustment over the presets. 
11. I ordered the SONY XPLOD ecause I was looking for a good bass reflex sound in a more compact housing. 
12. I have a coup[e of old smaller Sony CFM boom boxes (that are very spectacular at bass reflex in spite of their small size) and I will give them to those people!! 
13. The sound quality is great and the bass can be felt in the opposite corner of my dorm floor! 
14. Good bass and treble. 
15. The woofer is nothing but muddy on it's max setting, and the bass is totally absent when off. 
16. One can program the boombox by remote and add bass.  
17. This Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette Recorder is very good with its bass.  
18. I barely have level up to volume 6 and the floor vibrates and the 5.25" high output sub woofer pounds out super deep bass that is wow!  
19. I was going to choose a larger 100W radio to hook up my Zune to, I decided to go with this instead and I love it, great sound, good bass
20. CD, Radio and cassette player with preset options, decent design with good bass for a little over $100....seems like a pretty good deal to me. 
21. The bass boost is good and even on the first setting you really hear it. 
22. The bass is amazing: the subwoofer can really work wonders when playing some heavy metal. 
23. A very STUPID idea not to have the display area illuminated and have the center bass speaker illuminated with a silly lighted red ring when the bass button is pressed.Over all if size is okay it's a good box for under $100.00.
24. Thus, I give highest marks to Amazon, with whom I have done a lot of business over a lot of years.I give this unit high marks for sound quality, particularly its bass response.  
25. It has great bass and tweeter sound.
26. The various bass treble functions I leave to the software on my computer which have the guts to do a far better job. 
27. While they are at it, I think tossing the big, bulky, wasteful batteries in favor of a rechargeable solution would really bring this radio into the 21st century.If you're a college student, street performer, fitness or dance instructor, or you just love great sound quality and need something with serious volume & bass, this boombox is a great choice. 
28. There are certain bass notes it doesn't appreciate such as a hard bass guitar hit in a Korn song, but it doesn't distort the bass... it just seems to lose part of the note. 
29. There are certain bass notes it doesn't appreciate such as a hard bass guitar hit in a Korn song, but it doesn't distort the bass... it just seems to lose part of the note. 
30. The item is a bit boxy, and the bass visually identified by a red light, however the bass is there which is what we wanted.  
31. The item is a bit boxy, and the bass visually identified by a red light, however the bass is there which is what we wanted.  
32. The woofer puts out excellent sound with it's multi-level bass.  
33. I ordered two at the exact same time.One perfect, the other the lid on the CD when you punch it down didn't always easily pop up like it's supposed to -- but with repeated effort it would.I love the HUGE bass.I just wish these modern boom boxes had microphone input, instead of iPod stuff.Also, for the price I could get a Memorex 4 - some, i.e. cd, cassette ,  fm / am, and lp.
34. It has tremendous deep Bass sound and the treble notes are very good. 
35. It has Great sound and bass!  
36. At first it did not have as much bass that I thought it would, until I backed away a few feet. 
37. If you turned it up loud enough you could feel the bass throughout the whole room, and that was the living room. 
38. Which caused more air to flow through the right bass port, adding more bass. 
39. Which caused more air to flow through the right bass port, adding more bass. 
40. It does have good bass response.  
41. The sound quality was very good and the bass is very assertive.  
42. My laborious "research" settled on this Sony.The biggest challenge for anything with small speakers is to produce a decent bass note.  
43. I'm happy to get some decent bass.  
44. Great boombox, has all the features needed with excellant deep bass sound. 
45. I'm even more fascinated when that engineering results in great sound - deep booming bass balanced with high treble and strong loudness.I didn't need this Sony CFDG700CP, but was intrigued enough by the reviews to buy it.  
46. It dosnt have separate bass and treble controls so one has to rely on preset buttons of &#34;Rock&#34; &#34;Salsa&#34; etc. 
47. Pretty good bass too!  
48. Quite frankly I'm surprised Sony would not, at the very least, have bass and treble control. 
49. DUH, of course it's not a top of the line home stereo system, but what it IS is an excellent sounding portable boom box with as much bass as you want to pull out of it.  
50. its heavy and really long from sub to the back. it sounds pretty good for a boombox though. i like the inputs and remote. bass is pretty good.
51. Super nice boom box, has nice bass. i love the aux input function. 
52. After owning this for quite some time now I'm still amazed at how much sound comes out of this box.Plenty of power to make your music sound good and the batteries seem to last forever before you need to replace them.I hook up my iPhone to the boombox and listen for hours while I work on my cars and the sound is so clean with bass that really sounds good for such a small box.Well worth the money.
53. I was very surprised when I turned this boombox on - the bass is fantastic !!  
54. There are 5 sound presets and a bass boost selection but no other EQ functions. 
55. The bass is awesome for a boombox, and there's good separation in the middle speakers. 
56. I knew it was going to be big, heavy and ugly, and sound good, when I ordered it, it is all of that, I think it is great, the only thing I would change is that the digital display is small, everything else is big, I love the bass, and powerful sound, it is good for outdoor use.
57. I went to turn it off and it went to the next level with more bass.  
58. This boombox has a booming bass and can be heard from the other side of the building. 
59. Classical, simple vocal, pop, rock, country - excellent sound and reasonable tone-shaping controls - presets for rock, salsa, flat, and a couple of others do shape the sound a bit. 3 levels for the bass add, tied to the red rim light on the center bass speaker.Controls are reasonably intuitive, although the station preset button is strangely hidden on the cassette side. 
60. Classical, simple vocal, pop, rock, country - excellent sound and reasonable tone-shaping controls - presets for rock, salsa, flat, and a couple of others do shape the sound a bit. 3 levels for the bass add, tied to the red rim light on the center bass speaker.Controls are reasonably intuitive, although the station preset button is strangely hidden on the cassette side. 
61. I needed something with good bass and this boombox rocks with bass. 
62. Produces good sound and bass for its size.  
63. I was essentially torn between this (the xplod 700) and the xplod 505.I wanted:- Good overall sound- Good bass response- Line-in / ability to use my mp3 player with it.- Good reviews on Amazon- Free shipping (i have paid for that feature)My review is based on these criteriaI just received it today, so this review is as such.First, let me say: do not let the weight scare you off.  
64. Once eq boosted, it sounded good.next up: bass.There is a button that turns the woofer to none, 1/2 and full settings.  
65. I wanted it 'punchy', but the bass was more soft/gentle (even when turned up loud).  
66. But I think the issue, once again is expectations - the 700 with full bass settings sounds strong n' bassy, but it doesn't compare strongly with a good home stereo, which I think of as deep, punchy, and very clear.  
67. Very good bass. 
68. Bass adjustment is quite good. 
69. I wanted a combination radio, CD player and tape player with excellent bass, and this Sony has everything I need. 
70. I love the color and the choices of bottom end (BASS) is great.  
71. I listen mostly to Classic Rock, and did not really need a ton of Bass, but this radio sounds great at all volume levels.The remote control is especially convenient. 
72. If anyone out there knows of a really good boombox that has a great bass sound and it last for more than five years, let me know. 
73. The sound is clear and full, the bass is rich, and each of the functions (radio, CD player, cassette player, etc.) work quite well, with no complaints.  
74. The volume is good and the bass pumps out well. 
75. And there are no infinite bass/treble adjustments on this radio. 
76. They should have either installed a user adjustable EQ or 2 knobs just for mid & treble (the 3 level sub control works GREAT to give you just the right amount of bass for your tastes). 
77. It is full and clear, even with the extra bass up. 
78. The bass is awesome. 
79. Even with the bass off the it is perfect. 
80. Plenty of volume, good solid (adjustable) bass, and plays mp3's without a hiccup!  
81. For one, I found that the "stereo sound" is good, ie it does have plenty of bass (this is true, of course), but for for all the whoopin' and hollerin' about it here in the reviews I was prepared for something that would knock me back into yesterday... or somewhere farther than it actually does manage to do.The bass is great, but I am used to a Logitech Z-5300's dedicated bass sub-woofer here at my PC, at the very least, and it is driven to the tune of 200RMS Watts with its own special amp's sub-system, and THAT my friends is Kick-Arse Bass, not the little bit of sound from the Sony boombox! 
82. For one, I found that the "stereo sound" is good, ie it does have plenty of bass (this is true, of course), but for for all the whoopin' and hollerin' about it here in the reviews I was prepared for something that would knock me back into yesterday... or somewhere farther than it actually does manage to do.The bass is great, but I am used to a Logitech Z-5300's dedicated bass sub-woofer here at my PC, at the very least, and it is driven to the tune of 200RMS Watts with its own special amp's sub-system, and THAT my friends is Kick-Arse Bass, not the little bit of sound from the Sony boombox! 
83. For one, I found that the "stereo sound" is good, ie it does have plenty of bass (this is true, of course), but for for all the whoopin' and hollerin' about it here in the reviews I was prepared for something that would knock me back into yesterday... or somewhere farther than it actually does manage to do.The bass is great, but I am used to a Logitech Z-5300's dedicated bass sub-woofer here at my PC, at the very least, and it is driven to the tune of 200RMS Watts with its own special amp's sub-system, and THAT my friends is Kick-Arse Bass, not the little bit of sound from the Sony boombox! 
84. For one, I found that the "stereo sound" is good, ie it does have plenty of bass (this is true, of course), but for for all the whoopin' and hollerin' about it here in the reviews I was prepared for something that would knock me back into yesterday... or somewhere farther than it actually does manage to do.The bass is great, but I am used to a Logitech Z-5300's dedicated bass sub-woofer here at my PC, at the very least, and it is driven to the tune of 200RMS Watts with its own special amp's sub-system, and THAT my friends is Kick-Arse Bass, not the little bit of sound from the Sony boombox! 
85. Make no mistake there is plenty of sound "there" to hear, it's just not a sophisticated rendition of a melody that you hear: ie it's loud, it's full of bass with the adjustments done correctly, but I'm not that impressed with the overall sound quality. 
86. I am not going to beat around the bush and find more detractions in the Sony boombox, but I think you can see why and how I came to the "3-star conclusion" here...it's an average execution of a boombox, with decent sound, exceptional bass response with plenty of adjustments for tone quality, but it just lacks the sophistication and features for a better rating. 
87. It's ok, it's got impressive bass response without a doubt, but I'll take the feature set from my 20+ year-old JVC boombox system any day: with the JVC I can separate the speakers for more dramatic and dynamic sound, it's got an auto reversing cassette system x 2, and most of all, the  JVC has XLNT sound with a nice bit of sophistication and good looks that the Sony just doesn't possess.That's the way I see it, and I am calling it like I hear it, no punches pulled and nothing overlooked, this is reality and I'm here to tell you about it 100% up front and personal. 
88. I'm just not overwhelmed at all with features, sound quality or packaging: the Sony is average to just above average with its superior bass response, but that will NOT win the contest for "best boombox" in my field of dreams.I don't know if there are boomboxes available from other manufacturers that eclipse this Sony in sound quality, features, or packaging, because I haven't really gone out and tried to find something extra-special, like my 20-year old JVC boombox that even today appears contemporary and full-featured. 

negative sentences : 
1. The long and short of this is, if you want Sony quality sound just with more bass? 
2. this is the boombox that will blow away the competition. i bought it at a sony outlet for more than amazon has it for. compared to the sony cfdg500 and the other xplod the cfdg505(ugly boombox in my opinion and was the twin to the cfdg500 but was no really an xplod boombox) the cfdg700cp has 20 watts of power and can rattle the windows in my room. this boombox can beat some of the shelf systems out there that i have already listened to and even owned one. this boombox is a beast but really thumps out the added bass that you can add with a cd player that you can very easily add with the built in wire. last years xplod(cfd505) could not really handle added bass. it would say help me. this time sony put a bigger and shiny subwoofer that you can see with the red lights around the subwoofer. also you now have mp3 playback capability.
3. All the ipod/mp3 portable units i looked at have pathetic bass, weak sound overall, and are very expensive for what you get. 
4. The bass is actually quite clear with little to no distortion unlike many others and this is for almost the full range of volume.  
5. Yes it's wide in the back but that is because of the internal bass tube that pumps out the LOWS you want to hear weather your outdoors grilling "like me" or indoors. 
6. Bass is nice and not over powered. 
7. Plenty of power with deep bass.  
8. When you can feel the bass from the opposite end of a building, you know it's great... and for under 100 bucks at that! 
9. The only issue that bothers me is that the bass boost makes the low notes distorted, so I don't use it. 
10. I don't know if the cheaper model also has the MP3 dedicated connection, because if it does then it is very much worth to get the cheaper model since the bass boosting feature on this model is not worth using.The keys that one presses to play-pause-forward, could use better labeling, they are hard to read/see because they have the same color as the plastic (all black), therefore, until the keys and their locations are memorized then one has to spend a few extra seconds trying to locate the button one needs.
11. You can turn it off by having the bass at the off selection or when you use the sleep funtion it also turns the light off but with the bass level left at your desired setting. 
12. I have owned 3 other boxes, and this unit has by far the best Bass and the mid-range and treble are just as good if not better than any I have ever heard from a portable boombox CD/MP3/Radio player.  
13. This helps the sub deliver surprisingly deep bass and gives this unit an overall impressive sound. 
14. It was loud and sounded great, the bass is amazing. 
15. The bass is monstrous and it can carry quite a distance when turned up. 
16. This makes it quite expensive to own and play if you're going somewhere with no outlet and you need serious bass for over an hour. 
17. I listen to a lot of live recordings and sometimes you want maximum bass & other times you can take it back a notch or two. 
18. It has different sound enhancement options, bass booster and it looks cool too.I bought this for work and I'm thinking of getting other for home!
19. The bass is so deep and powerful that I could not believe that sound could come out of a boom box and the sub was at bass level one. 
20. OK, a slight exaggeration about the bass , but it is powerful.But it has a lot more that just bass. 
21. OK, a slight exaggeration about the bass , but it is powerful.But it has a lot more that just bass. 
22. I like using my computer on this boom box with Winamp (The best sounding multimedia software I ever heard) because you can fully customize the sound on the boom box, and add even more bass. 
23. Just kidding about the more bass thing because that makes the sound really distorted, but I still use it because the boom box only has five non customizable eq presets.If you don't have a surround sound system you should use this on you're TV because it works great for movies. 
24. We all jumped out of our seats when the THX logo went off after the ending credits of Avatar, it got that loud.One more thing I tried that gave it some more bass (this is going to sound crazy but), I stuck a cap from a 2 liter bottle into the left bass port and plugged it up. 
25. We all jumped out of our seats when the THX logo went off after the ending credits of Avatar, it got that loud.One more thing I tried that gave it some more bass (this is going to sound crazy but), I stuck a cap from a 2 liter bottle into the left bass port and plugged it up. 
26. Also, the reason why I plugged up the left bass port, is that when I was playing music on it, I noticed that more air flows out of the right bass port than the left one, and covered the left bass port with my hand. 
27. Also, the reason why I plugged up the left bass port, is that when I was playing music on it, I noticed that more air flows out of the right bass port than the left one, and covered the left bass port with my hand. 
28. Also, the reason why I plugged up the left bass port, is that when I was playing music on it, I noticed that more air flows out of the right bass port than the left one, and covered the left bass port with my hand. 
29. I heard even more bass. 
30. My Kaboom puts out bass that beats all other boomboxes.  
31. And the bass is okay...but not as deep and strong as some of the reviews suggest.  
32. Distorts low down in the bass range. 
33. The bass is deep and powerful, you have a couple midranges and tweeters doing their thing so none of the speakers are stressed trying to create sounds they aren't capable of.  
34. Others prefer more bass. 
35. This unit puts out great bass, but not being able to fine tune the sound to my personal preference was a deal breaker for me. 
36. However, it did not have enough Bass for her.  
37. Really deep powerful bass more than expected from a boombox.
38. The PROS: Rich, BIG bass; loud and clean sound; built-in sound presets; auxiliary jack for connecting MP3 players or other audio devices; comes with remote control; big, solid feel; circular red LED light around the bass driver is neatThe CONS: Tiny LCD display is hard to read; archaic mechanical cassette controls; circular red LED light always on with woofer in use; heavy with batteries; would like a user adjustable sound control; CD mechanism didn't lastLooking for a battery powered 'portable radio' with a big voice? 
39. The PROS: Rich, BIG bass; loud and clean sound; built-in sound presets; auxiliary jack for connecting MP3 players or other audio devices; comes with remote control; big, solid feel; circular red LED light around the bass driver is neatThe CONS: Tiny LCD display is hard to read; archaic mechanical cassette controls; circular red LED light always on with woofer in use; heavy with batteries; would like a user adjustable sound control; CD mechanism didn't lastLooking for a battery powered 'portable radio' with a big voice? 
40. The circular LED light around the bass driver is neat looking and brightness indicates the woofer level. 
41. the woofer is 5 inches, and that's not enough for true deep bass.  
42. Strange as it may sound, having only ONE speaker made the sound more unified on the Coby, and I liked that.Well, deep down, we all want bass.  
43. There are multiple speakers and the bass sound is awesome.  
44. Pros:- Good sound overall.- Nice and loud when I need it to be.- Different bass settings from boom to BOOOOM!
45. I have found a preset and a bass setting that gives me pretty decent sound.I'm usually not a huge fan of 2.1 stereo (where you have stereo speakers for midrange and treble, but a center woofer for bass).  
46. There are two (2) levels of bass, low and blow you away. 
47. If you want a good bass (not necessarily one to blast the walls of your home, but just quality bass), then just leave it set on Rock.The remote is very handy and just note, it does not come with the AA batteries.  
48. The Sony's bass just buzzes and rumbles a bit, makes a nice bit of noise, and poof, it's done...even at its highest, most indelible setting.I bought the Sony "Xplode" system as a Xmas present for my Mom, who desperately needed a replacement for a $30 "Wal-Mart Special" stereo system that we got her in a pinch 2 Xmas's ago, and it was time for that to go...You know the kind: heavy on the plastic chrome treatment, tin-can sound with little bass and mid range that overwhelms the senses...yes, that type of thing! 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : boombox, positive Score : 121 and negative Score :-26
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. First let me say that no boombox should have this much power! 
2. The woofer in this boombox makes it fabulous for anybody who has a slight hearing problem.  
3. (the only thing missing is the backlight display again. i guess sony leaves it out cuz of lights going around the subwoofer other than that, this is a perfect boombox) oh also if you are listening to a cd or an mp3 cd, if you stop playing the cd, the thing wont remember where you left of. i personally don't like that cuz i want to hear an mp3 cd over several days without having to hear the same songs over and over. but i can live with that cuz i have my sony dne330 walkman cd player easily taking care of my mp3 cd's on clearbass level 2 (can go to clearbass level 3 but that is already too much bass and the boombox can take it without distortion) bottom line if only it had that damn backlight display it would be perfect. but who knows, maybe sony will put it in on next years model.
4. (the only thing missing is the backlight display again. i guess sony leaves it out cuz of lights going around the subwoofer other than that, this is a perfect boombox) oh also if you are listening to a cd or an mp3 cd, if you stop playing the cd, the thing wont remember where you left of. i personally don't like that cuz i want to hear an mp3 cd over several days without having to hear the same songs over and over. but i can live with that cuz i have my sony dne330 walkman cd player easily taking care of my mp3 cd's on clearbass level 2 (can go to clearbass level 3 but that is already too much bass and the boombox can take it without distortion) bottom line if only it had that damn backlight display it would be perfect. but who knows, maybe sony will put it in on next years model.
5. Also like the mp3 input jack and its location near the bottom of the unit (set the Ipod next to the boombox on the table).The red light around the woofer is bright, but I think it looks kind of cools, especially at night. 
6. this sony boombox is super good the sound is excellent it has cassette and cd both work's perfect and for the price good product
7. LOVED THE BOOMBOX, GREAT FOR WORKING OUT AND REALLY GOOD FOR HANGING OUT WITH YOUR FRIENDS.  
8. This is one awesome boombox.  
9. Who needs a big stereo system or even a mini or micro stereo system when they can have the same awesome sound come from the amazing boombox?  
10. I must ssay, this boombox is large.  
11. I have been looking a while now for a good quality boombox to replace my aged and ill cfd-440 that I bought in the early 90's when boomboxes were a plentiful. 
12. The only decent ones I could find, the sony, had two models that I thought of as a "true boombox" and I choose the 700 over the 505 model because of the added features. 
13. Not bad for a boombox rated at only 20 watts. 
14. I recommend this one to any person looking for a good ole' quality boombox that has cassette, cd, radio capabilities and more!
15. I couldn't believe the sound that was coming out of this little boombox!! 
16. Very pleased with boombox.Has a great sound to it.Sounds like a home stereo.Very well designed.It was a little challenging to figure out the fm presets,but otherwise a great investment.
17. One can program the boombox by remote and add bass.  
18. Carrying is less a problem than finding a place to store it when not in use.The sound is excellent (within the limitations of a boombox) and there is ample volume to fill a room. 
19. I love my new boombox! 
20. Trust me, I did tons of research and you won't find a better boombox. 
21. If you are looking for even a small cheap boombox, this one is the one for you. 
22. This "Boombox" is AWESOME!!! 
23. This Boombox is a good looking piece of electronics and sounds great.  
24. The boombox is big in size and even bigger in sound.  
25. I have a smaller boombox of the same type & the screen is larger & easier to see.
26. I was anxiously awaiting this boombox for my new pool side audio pleasure.  
27. As I got rid of the AIWA, I bought a brand new boombox from SONY. 
28. If you want a great sounding boombox for under $100, this is the one to get.  
29. This boombox has great sound and plenty of volume to overpower the waves at OBX on our beach vacation.  
30. That's in stark contrast to earlier boombox remotes I have had, which allowed you to enter numbers on a number pad that the unit could interpret as chapter numbers and go directly to the selected chapter.To make matters worse, the infrared receiver for the remote built in to the player itself is unacceptably insensitive.  
31. I would recommend anyone to purchase this boombox for their husband that wants a great stereo sound in a small boombox type radio.  
32. While they are at it, I think tossing the big, bulky, wasteful batteries in favor of a rechargeable solution would really bring this radio into the 21st century.If you're a college student, street performer, fitness or dance instructor, or you just love great sound quality and need something with serious volume & bass, this boombox is a great choice. 
33. Overall a very good boombox. 
34. This boombox is bigger and heavier than I expected but it worth every dollar I spent on it.
35. This is why I wanted a boombox...a full size boombox. 
36. This is why I wanted a boombox...a full size boombox. 
37. I thought it may have been the tape except I had been playing it in my old boombox just fine . 
38. For hundred bucks this boombox sounds great. 
39. bought this for the deck next to the new pool and i am very pleased. this boom box has clean sound in the mids and highs and all the bass you will ever need. i am a hard rock/heavy metal type guy and this box will "knock you in the pool"if youcrank it up past about 6 or 7 on the volume. i admit that sometimes if i use the subwoofer with my rockin music ,i change the mode to salsa from rock to take the edge off the sub and highs just a bit. love being able to plug up my mp3 player with the built in male plug also. overall a great boombox especially for the price and quality.
40. Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette RecorderThis Boombox has great sound and power playing my cassettes and my CDs. 
41. But all of this is mitigated by the superior performance of this product.But, all in all, this is the best Boombox that I ever had, and the sound comes close to my stereo compnent CD player. 
42. This is not an &#34;easy travel&#34; boombox, it is big and heavy but you get HUGE sound out of this radio.  
43. This is really the best boombox you can get these days it seems. 
44. This little portable, battery powered boombox cost 1/10 of the price and is flexible.  
45. This is a great boombox, I bought it for tailgating but have found myself using this camping, traveling, even the occasional use in rooms with out plug in my home. 
46. Since this boombox made a special point of having a dedicated "power woofer" I thought that this one was my best shot.  
47. But great sound for a boombox, and for that price.  
48. Great boombox, has all the features needed with excellant deep bass sound. 
49. The gold standard for great sound in a boombox is the JVC Kaboom.  
50. I want a boombox that has decent sound that I can take outdoors and get a little banged up.  
51. If you want the very best sounding boombox, then you'll need to dig deeper in your pocket and pay some more bucks for the JVC Kaboom (assuming the current model competes with the earlier ones, reduced wattage notwithstanding).  
52. Aside from that, for the price, it is a great boombox. 
53. This is a great sounding boombox.  
54. This is a big boombox like everyone says but the handle on it is big and makes it easily portable so carrying it from here to there is no problem.  
55. This is a boombox with a great sound to it!  
56. This product has very nice sound quality for a boombox in this price range... but sadly the CD player stopped working after about 3 months.  
57. Great boombox, sound is clear and plenty loud. 
58. its heavy and really long from sub to the back. it sounds pretty good for a boombox though. i like the inputs and remote. bass is pretty good.
59. I was very surprised when I turned this boombox on - the bass is fantastic !!  
60. Needed a boombox for my little league softball teams practices.  
61. If you want the best portable boombox , this is the one , it has great sound and when you pick it up there is something "heavy-duty" about it ,not cheap parts, it plays cd's burnt from puter , MP3's, full function remote,  theres only one small , very very minor ,thing a backlit display, otherwise, 11 stars
62. For the price and features, it is the best, most clear sounding, portable boombox I have ever owned. 
63. The bass is awesome for a boombox, and there's good separation in the middle speakers. 
64. This boombox has a booming bass and can be heard from the other side of the building. 
65. This boombox is also big for its size, but I'm liking it so far and I think it was a good buy.
66. Think Flash Gordon and you'll be close.Pros: great sound, clear controls, good operation, features do what you expect.Summary: if you can handle the size and appearance, you'll have a great boombox.
67. I needed something with good bass and this boombox rocks with bass. 
68. Now to be fair, this is just a boombox. 
69. You'll be getting a nice boombox.2.- The auxiliary plug -- according to me -- is a little inconvenient. 
70. The boombox does have a nice shape to it and it holds 8 'D Batteries'.And it's a big mothur!
71. If anyone out there knows of a really good boombox that has a great bass sound and it last for more than five years, let me know. 
72. This is a great boombox, hands down.  
73. The Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette Recorder is a great boombox when you need sound that carries. 
74. This is the boombox for all your outdoor parties or little get togethers.  
75. this is a big boombox. the reason is for big speakers, which is why the boombox is as strong as a sony bookcase shelf system. mid range, tweeters and a subwoofer all included-(also a nice remote to boot). if you like portability with bookcase system sound, then this is exactly what you're looking for. enjoy. i know i am!!!!
76. this is a big boombox. the reason is for big speakers, which is why the boombox is as strong as a sony bookcase shelf system. mid range, tweeters and a subwoofer all included-(also a nice remote to boot). if you like portability with bookcase system sound, then this is exactly what you're looking for. enjoy. i know i am!!!!
77. Purchased this in August as a replacement for an older Sony boombox that survived 5 years of classroom use in my dance classes in a public school.  
78. This is a great boombox.  
79. Love the sound & lights but boombox is heavy.  
80. You must supply those.It is a heavy and somewhat bulky boombox.  
81. This boombox is truly the best sounding portable you can buy, VERY loud and clear, as good or better than a shelf system, but it has some minor drawbacks that you should know before you buy. 
82. I think if they'd put this radio's proven electronics into a more sleek sophisticated boombox housing, similar to the old "executive micro" systems from a decade or so ago, they'd really have a winner. 
83. And finally, the price: it's the best sounding boombox but it has a price to match, higher than some shelf systems. 
84. This boombox has a great sound. 
85. This a a great boombox. 
86. It is a nice looking boombox. 
87. If you are in the market for the latest boombox with great sound and that can play CD's MP3's and have an audio jack. 
88. This boombox sits in my husbands huge garage and the sound is incredible! 
89. BOOMBOX IS GREAT. 
90. I love the great sound that this boombox produces.  
91. The sound reproduction of a Sony is unparalleled by any other boombox on the market, so I knew that the replacement had to be a Sony. 
92. I mean, I have a 22-year old JVC boombox that has a top mounted CD player like the one in the Sony, but for the cassette mechanism there's a double-featured cassette system with 2 units, so you can record from tape to tape, CD to tape, and BOTH sides have "auto play", or auto-reverse built into them, so go figure that out! 
93. I am not going to beat around the bush and find more detractions in the Sony boombox, but I think you can see why and how I came to the "3-star conclusion" here...it's an average execution of a boombox, with decent sound, exceptional bass response with plenty of adjustments for tone quality, but it just lacks the sophistication and features for a better rating. 
94. I am not going to beat around the bush and find more detractions in the Sony boombox, but I think you can see why and how I came to the "3-star conclusion" here...it's an average execution of a boombox, with decent sound, exceptional bass response with plenty of adjustments for tone quality, but it just lacks the sophistication and features for a better rating. 
95. It's ok, it's got impressive bass response without a doubt, but I'll take the feature set from my 20+ year-old JVC boombox system any day: with the JVC I can separate the speakers for more dramatic and dynamic sound, it's got an auto reversing cassette system x 2, and most of all, the  JVC has XLNT sound with a nice bit of sophistication and good looks that the Sony just doesn't possess.That's the way I see it, and I am calling it like I hear it, no punches pulled and nothing overlooked, this is reality and I'm here to tell you about it 100% up front and personal. 
96. I'm just not overwhelmed at all with features, sound quality or packaging: the Sony is average to just above average with its superior bass response, but that will NOT win the contest for "best boombox" in my field of dreams.I don't know if there are boomboxes available from other manufacturers that eclipse this Sony in sound quality, features, or packaging, because I haven't really gone out and tried to find something extra-special, like my 20-year old JVC boombox that even today appears contemporary and full-featured. 
97. I'm just not overwhelmed at all with features, sound quality or packaging: the Sony is average to just above average with its superior bass response, but that will NOT win the contest for "best boombox" in my field of dreams.I don't know if there are boomboxes available from other manufacturers that eclipse this Sony in sound quality, features, or packaging, because I haven't really gone out and tried to find something extra-special, like my 20-year old JVC boombox that even today appears contemporary and full-featured. 
98. Other reviewers are correct that a backlight display would make this boombox perfect.  
99. This is a great Boombox that does everything, CD''s, tapes, mp3, MD player plugin or anything else that you can plug in to the aux. 
100. The sound is average and the boombox's features are extremely average.

negative sentences : 
1. this is the boombox that will blow away the competition. i bought it at a sony outlet for more than amazon has it for. compared to the sony cfdg500 and the other xplod the cfdg505(ugly boombox in my opinion and was the twin to the cfdg500 but was no really an xplod boombox) the cfdg700cp has 20 watts of power and can rattle the windows in my room. this boombox can beat some of the shelf systems out there that i have already listened to and even owned one. this boombox is a beast but really thumps out the added bass that you can add with a cd player that you can very easily add with the built in wire. last years xplod(cfd505) could not really handle added bass. it would say help me. this time sony put a bigger and shiny subwoofer that you can see with the red lights around the subwoofer. also you now have mp3 playback capability.
2. this is the boombox that will blow away the competition. i bought it at a sony outlet for more than amazon has it for. compared to the sony cfdg500 and the other xplod the cfdg505(ugly boombox in my opinion and was the twin to the cfdg500 but was no really an xplod boombox) the cfdg700cp has 20 watts of power and can rattle the windows in my room. this boombox can beat some of the shelf systems out there that i have already listened to and even owned one. this boombox is a beast but really thumps out the added bass that you can add with a cd player that you can very easily add with the built in wire. last years xplod(cfd505) could not really handle added bass. it would say help me. this time sony put a bigger and shiny subwoofer that you can see with the red lights around the subwoofer. also you now have mp3 playback capability.
3. I have owned 3 other boxes, and this unit has by far the best Bass and the mid-range and treble are just as good if not better than any I have ever heard from a portable boombox CD/MP3/Radio player.  
4. The boombox seems to be a good product but it will not do what I expected.  
5. That compares to buying a 60 inch Sony LCD and only having basic cable.Again, it is a portable boombox. 
6. If you want a portable boombox, this is it. 
7. I love the bass but the sound its not as Crystal clear as I was hoping but I guess i cant never find my ideal perfect boombox unless i make my own so i would have to be ok with tis one for now.It also skips a lot of my cds and mp3.
8. I have shopped EVERYWHERE on line and in stores for a portable boombox that will play MP3 devices (either through aux. or otherwise) and CD's to be used outside.  
9. This sony boombox is everything I wanted in a portable radio right now. 
10. It's a portable boombox and it's a very good one.  
11. I had used the earlier version of this boombox in my work as a nursery school teacher. 
12. I haven't yet figured out how to use the presets for the radio, but if there is anyone looking for a loud  and booming boombox this is the one to get. 
13. An interesting side note:On the Sony 700, I can swear that I can hear that the sound is coming from more than one speaker, and that this doesn't sound as natural as all the sound coming from one single speaker, as on the cheap, Coby boombox that I replaced with the Sony.  
14. Obviously line-in is a key feature on a modern boombox (both have this).There are also waterproof boomboxes out there, if needed.One final note: I've lived with more than one cheap crappy boombox around.  
15. Obviously line-in is a key feature on a modern boombox (both have this).There are also waterproof boomboxes out there, if needed.One final note: I've lived with more than one cheap crappy boombox around.  
16. However, external devices that plug into it don't seem as loud as the boombox is capable of pushing out.Even though the other reviewers gave it 5-stars, they still had complaints.  
17. So, I'm giving it 4-stars only because there are ways to make a great boombox even better:* larger LCD display (a bonus is if it were tiltable)* backlight the display* the male 3.5mm plug could be longer* the buttons have indented indicators of what they do, but it's just an indention so it's very hard to see them... it would be nice if the buttons all had some constrasting control sign on them* granted, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but they could make it more handsome* my biggest complaint is that, when plugging in an external device, I can't "crank it up" and make the boombox loud enough for a big room.  
18. So, I'm giving it 4-stars only because there are ways to make a great boombox even better:* larger LCD display (a bonus is if it were tiltable)* backlight the display* the male 3.5mm plug could be longer* the buttons have indented indicators of what they do, but it's just an indention so it's very hard to see them... it would be nice if the buttons all had some constrasting control sign on them* granted, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but they could make it more handsome* my biggest complaint is that, when plugging in an external device, I can't "crank it up" and make the boombox loud enough for a big room.  
19. I needed a loud boombox for dance classes and performances. 
20. It's rather hard to buy a boombox these days. 
21. The Sony boombox ostensibly is a much better system than that, no doubt, but does it deserve 4, or 5 stars from Wavey Davey's jaded, music-phile-minded brain, that is thoroughly addled with the finest, pampered and driven sounds from Marantz, Yamaha, and Denon amps, James B. 
22. It just very simply sounds like a boombox, and I guess I am not a big fan of them in general if the speakers can't be separated, ie without a "satellite" function, and the Sony doesn't have that in its design or features.I found the cassette system a poor excuse for one of those also, because the system does not have a reverse mechanism, so "auto play" is impossible with the single-direction unit in the Sony boombox, and that's another BIG knock. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : sound, positive Score : 300 and negative Score :-90
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The quality of the sound is so good, the sheer quality of the speakers belong in a unit 2 times the price this unit goes for. 
2. Can't beat the looks, features and sound quality for the money.  
3. Yes, it's heavy -- but worth it for the sound.  
4. This Sony is Waay better than the last unit, with superior sound, variable sound profiles, and everything works!
5. This Sony is Waay better than the last unit, with superior sound, variable sound profiles, and everything works!
6. It's pretty straightforward,but works just fine, has plenty of bass and enough power to even sound good outside. 
7. It is not really portable to carry around the streets with batteries due to size and weight, but portable enough to go from place to place and plug it in.The sound quality is very good and sub woofer bass really pumps out the bass, especially for a boom box.  
8. I am very impressed with overall sound quality.I played an mp3 cd recorded at 320kbps and it is close to being a full disc as far as data written (about 85 songs-685mb) and I played it continually non-stop.  
9. Produced great sound.
10. The sound is really nice. 
11. Has nice bass sound, great quality. 
12. As the true POWER "BOOM BOX" with sound Quality fades through time.... 
13. this sony boombox is super good the sound is excellent it has cassette and cd both work's perfect and for the price good product
14. We've used this boom box camping and it has great, full sound. 
15. The truth is, there's not a very large market for boomboxes that can put out good sound at that volume level (a lot units can get loud enough, but they're pushing their limits and have problems with distortion) without being so expensive that you don't want to bring them someplace where they're likely to smudged with oil and grime.  
16. It has a great sound and fits my needs very, very well.  
17. bought this for a camping trip in Utah, but Iv'e been using it at home for a couple of days and the sound is impressive, i really wish it had a usb connector but oh well other than that everything is good.
18. I'm sure I spent hours browsing reviews, tech sites, online stores, and driving to electronics stores before I settled on this radio and I haven't regretted it.We needed something that would give good sound down on the boat dock and out on the boat and this radio delivered.  
19. Sound quality is great. 
20. I love the huge clear sound this thing has.it could have a little easier to use controls& the display area is tiny,but you buy this for your ears.And it has the beef to rock everyone elses too.
21. I ordered the SONY XPLOD ecause I was looking for a good bass reflex sound in a more compact housing. 
22. Who needs a big stereo system or even a mini or micro stereo system when they can have the same awesome sound come from the amazing boombox?  
23. Extremely good sound quality. 
24. You can plug in just about any sound source you want played through the speakers.Highly recommended!
25. It has very good sound quality, but I didn't read the specifications close enough...  
26. BUT the sound is really good and I like it so far.
27. The Boom Box has great sound quality, the CD's are easy to use, the cassette feature is a little confusing, the radio's sound is good.  
28. The Boom Box has great sound quality, the CD's are easy to use, the cassette feature is a little confusing, the radio's sound is good.  
29. Excellent sound quality, very universal for uses, and a simple interface. 
30. Excellent sound, reception.  
31. I would recommend to anyone wanting a garage sound, or in my case, a great boat sound system.
32. The sound quality is great and the bass can be felt in the opposite corner of my dorm floor! 
33. BUT, it sounds great, and i use it all the time, the remote is nice as well. i put the remote in a sandwhich bag and i use this while in the shower, or out washing the car, or whenever, very durable and the sound quality is great for the price
34. i just got mine today and i'm very happy with it the sound is gr8! 
35. The look isn't very good either, but the sound that it produces more than makes up for it.
36. this unit had really great sound, especially woofer, and all features that we wanted, but was large and heavy for our purposes, which includes using at traveling classes, so we had to return it.too bad.
37. This really helps with the sound quality! 
38. Nice robust full sound you can set to 5 diff. sound settings. 
39. The sound is delicious to me!!! 
40. It also has quality sound, and looks awesome. 
41. Yes it is big but that shouldn't stop you from the purchase it is still very nice looking and the sound great.
42. Very pleased with boombox.Has a great sound to it.Sounds like a home stereo.Very well designed.It was a little challenging to figure out the fm presets,but otherwise a great investment.
43. Carrying is less a problem than finding a place to store it when not in use.The sound is excellent (within the limitations of a boombox) and there is ample volume to fill a room. 
44. It has everything you need...a cd player, a cassette player, radio, audio input, and GREAT SOUND!!! 
45. Just as good as a $500 sound system just without the extra crap and work to set it up. 
46. I thought the base woofer would give a big sound and it does.  
47. I was going to choose a larger 100W radio to hook up my Zune to, I decided to go with this instead and I love it, great sound, good bass
48. There really isn't much out there that will give you any real volume, but the CFD-G700CP delivers a nice full sound, good construction and options and at the price I found it for $103.99 I'm quite pleased with it. 
49. I would prefer bass, midrange, and treble knobs to do my own sound sculpting, but it isn't bad. 
50. One big plus is the remtote that come with the unit, it has all functions including power on and off, dialing in the sound sculpt, sub off, on and full power, radio presets, track selection and so on.The unit isn't as "huge" as reviewers are claiming, but it is deep from front to back. 
51. These boomboxes look great and sound great.  
52. The sound is excellent. 
53. The boombox is big in size and even bigger in sound.  
54. First of the range of sound this thing produces is tremendous! 
55. The sound is crisp, punchy, bassy, loud and has exceptional performance on all genres! 
56. The recipient has very high standards for audio, and says the sound quality is very good.  
57. The sound is GREAT! 
58. The clarity of the sound could b a little clearer. 
59. I had the boombox for fourteen years, and this might sound silly but it became a big part of my adolescence. 
60. As for the sound, it is truly incredible. 
61. The sound could be better, especially on audio cassetes. 
62. Not to sound critical but why would you buy a system thats 20 watts, has a huge subwoofer, is abot 21 inches across by 15 inches deep, to listen to that type of material? 
63. Does it sound as good as my Mirage surround sound system powered by a Yamaha 7.1 AV receiver? 
64. Does it sound as good as my Mirage surround sound system powered by a Yamaha 7.1 AV receiver? 
65. But the sound is OK.
66. Sound is great.  
67. It's got good sound quality and some cool lighting, but it's big and bulky.  
68. This boombox has great sound and plenty of volume to overpower the waves at OBX on our beach vacation.  
69. Sound is good but this Boom box has a huge foot print. 
70. I have really enjoyed this stereo it has a very nice sound. 
71. Thus, I give highest marks to Amazon, with whom I have done a lot of business over a lot of years.I give this unit high marks for sound quality, particularly its bass response.  
72. I would recommend anyone to purchase this boombox for their husband that wants a great stereo sound in a small boombox type radio.  
73. It has great bass and tweeter sound.
74. Great sound in this little boom box, well it ain't that little. 
75. The only negative I have with it is the small readout, but the sound more than makes up for it.
76. Great sound.  
77. Main reason for buying this monstrosity was for the MP3 input and the sound quality; both have met the bill admirably. 
78. Although lately I have been using the windows media player which actually has some nice functions (check out  the equalizer and the various sound enhancements). 
79. You can carry it with the solid handle, or on its side by the X-shaped speaker cover in front.The sound quality is phenomenal. 
80. While they are at it, I think tossing the big, bulky, wasteful batteries in favor of a rechargeable solution would really bring this radio into the 21st century.If you're a college student, street performer, fitness or dance instructor, or you just love great sound quality and need something with serious volume & bass, this boombox is a great choice. 
81. Also, if you're a senior citizen who still hasn't replaced your ancient cassette collection two decades ago, but you like volume and sound quality and will have it plugged in most of the time, it would be a good purchase. 
82. Everything is great - design, sound and radio. 
83. Fantastic quality of the sound, radio stations are clear and easy to set. 
84. The sound is pretty good, especially for a portable unit. 
85. This Sony boom box CFDG700CP has plenty of base and great sound. 
86. I get a flashlight to enable me to see it.BUT, the sound is absolutely fantastic.  
87. Now I can plug my phone (with tons of music on it) into this unit and hear it with large booming sound. 
88. I am happy with the sound and overall performance. 
89. I'd recommend getting it through Sound City in NJ, if possible - their somewhat pricey S&H; is worth it in terms of speed and responsibility.Granted, the thing is dog-ugly - our daughter puts a green silk scarf over it when she has friends in the back yard - but it can deliver anything from hard rock to a Bruckner symphony like no other "box" we've heard; with quieter stuff like chamber music and piano/guitar/ harpsichord, it's hard to distinguish from our high-end shelf system. 
90. And it's really not all that heavy or clumsy - ideally, back it up against a wall, using a couple of bricks for elevation, and you've got the best outdoor-indoor sound that you'll likely hear anywhere.  
91. For some CDs, it could use a bit more sound, but playing those same CDs through the iPod, you can turn it up just a little louder and it's good to go.  
92. Great sound. 
93. The sound is awesome.  
94. But the sound is incredible. 
95. The woofer puts out excellent sound with it's multi-level bass.  
96. bought this for the deck next to the new pool and i am very pleased. this boom box has clean sound in the mids and highs and all the bass you will ever need. i am a hard rock/heavy metal type guy and this box will "knock you in the pool"if youcrank it up past about 6 or 7 on the volume. i admit that sometimes if i use the subwoofer with my rockin music ,i change the mode to salsa from rock to take the edge off the sub and highs just a bit. love being able to plug up my mp3 player with the built in male plug also. overall a great boombox especially for the price and quality.
97. Great sound, reasonable price, a bit heavy, but a good trade off for the sound quality. 
98. Great sound, reasonable price, a bit heavy, but a good trade off for the sound quality. 
99. The sound button switches to CD and locks of the remote so nothing works. 
100. The sound button is supposed to change set equalizer types like rock, etc.  
101. I'm picky about sound, and I think it's terrific--the base notes are amazing.  
102. Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette RecorderThis Boombox has great sound and power playing my cassettes and my CDs. 
103. It has tremendous deep Bass sound and the treble notes are very good. 
104. But all of this is mitigated by the superior performance of this product.But, all in all, this is the best Boombox that I ever had, and the sound comes close to my stereo compnent CD player. 
105. It has Great sound and bass!  
106. This is not an &#34;easy travel&#34; boombox, it is big and heavy but you get HUGE sound out of this radio.  
107. It has great sound and power, but every time it gets to a slightly loud part in the song, or you happen to walk by it,  it switches to TAPE function.  
108. i love this radio sound is great very good price came packed excellent sound is unbelievabe i would highly recommend
109. i love this radio sound is great very good price came packed excellent sound is unbelievabe i would highly recommend
110. The rest of the sound is clear and powerful too. 
111. The sound is very clear and the playback speed is at a perfect speed. 
112. I can connect my Droid phone and play I Heart Radio, or Pandora and the sound it great.
113. After reading reviews of several boomboxes, I decided on the sony because it was noted as having great sound and it had a remote. 
114. The sound isn't as good as I expected. 
115. I thought this looked really cool when I took it out and the sound is great when listening to cd's and the radio. 
116. Dear Friends,The sound from this system is outstanding! 
117. This boom box has fantastic sound.  
118. He loves it and says the sound is awesome and he can do so much with it.
119. If you're looking for sound quality, as I am, I advise that you give this one a try.
120. The sound quality was very good and the bass is very assertive.  
121. Very nice sound.  
122. But great sound for a boombox, and for that price.  
123. But if you want pretty good sound at this price ?  
124. Nice sound and features. 
125. Great boombox, has all the features needed with excellant deep bass sound. 
126. It has excellent radio reception (I live way out in the sticks) and the sound is very clean and crisp even at high volumn.  
127. The sound is amazing for a non audiophile like me.  
128. I'm even more fascinated when that engineering results in great sound - deep booming bass balanced with high treble and strong loudness.I didn't need this Sony CFDG700CP, but was intrigued enough by the reviews to buy it.  
129. Is the sound great?  
130. The gold standard for great sound in a boombox is the JVC Kaboom.  
131. I want a boombox that has decent sound that I can take outdoors and get a little banged up.  
132. It needs to play loudly and sound reasonably impressive for a portable device.  
133. Used it to take to shows for years, I am a magician and story teller and use the boombox in my shows, the sound is awesome, Battery life is pretty cool too, plus the kids always say how cool it looks. 
134. This is the best radio Boom box I ever had the sound from it is simply awesome ., Sometimes I'll hook up my tablet to it and watch movies on it or I'll listen radio stations from around the country and around the world., I've seen theese radios around here in Connecticut and they want over  $ 200.00 for it., This is the best deal I ever got on a radio.
135. Yes you will proudly wag this out for your friends to admire. lol  Lots of boomboxes have a decent upper range of sound but the bass has the thump of tapping on a shoebox. 
136. I haven't put batteries in it yet and probably won't (except to maybe test the sound) since its doubtful that much power can be driven with the juice of eight batteries very long. 
137. It has a great sound and has a imput plug that plugs dirrectly into my phone so I can listen to Pandorra. 
138. This is a boombox with a great sound to it!  
139. In any case, I purchase this unit for the great sound, the ability to play mp3 discs (sometimes you just don't want to drag your mp3 player around) and the mp3 audio input.  
140. You're left with trying to find a combination of pre-set EQ and subwoofer modes in an attempt to get the sound that is best for you. 
141. It was also my experience that if I wasn't directly in front of it the sound quality wasn't as good. 
142. This product has very nice sound quality for a boombox in this price range... but sadly the CD player stopped working after about 3 months.  
143. It has a sleep feature for the radio which is good for me as I listen to talk radio before falling asleep and this radio's sleep mechanism takes care of shutting it off.You won't believe the great sound you will enjoy on the music stations also.In the center of the unit on top you'll notice buttons to depress for the different types of music like rock,dance,etc. built into the unit to give optimal listening enjoyment and performance. 
144. Great boombox, sound is clear and plenty loud. 
145. Yeah, it may be kinda big, like others have mentioned, and it may look like a UFO about to blast off... but boy does it have great sound and features. 
146. The unit is reliable and the sound level (20W) is adequate for many applications but won't do well when trying to play music/voice for more than 50 to 60 people.  
147. After owning this for quite some time now I'm still amazed at how much sound comes out of this box.Plenty of power to make your music sound good and the batteries seem to last forever before you need to replace them.I hook up my iPhone to the boombox and listen for hours while I work on my cars and the sound is so clean with bass that really sounds good for such a small box.Well worth the money.
148. After owning this for quite some time now I'm still amazed at how much sound comes out of this box.Plenty of power to make your music sound good and the batteries seem to last forever before you need to replace them.I hook up my iPhone to the boombox and listen for hours while I work on my cars and the sound is so clean with bass that really sounds good for such a small box.Well worth the money.
149. After owning this for quite some time now I'm still amazed at how much sound comes out of this box.Plenty of power to make your music sound good and the batteries seem to last forever before you need to replace them.I hook up my iPhone to the boombox and listen for hours while I work on my cars and the sound is so clean with bass that really sounds good for such a small box.Well worth the money.
150. The sound quality of these units is ok, but adjustments are limited. 
151. There are 5 sound presets and a bass boost selection but no other EQ functions. 
152. The sound on this system is so amazing I can even use it for our programs where we perform for the parents It is a stand alone sound system,meaning I don't have to run it through another piece of equipment to get the big deep sound I enjoy. 
153. The sound on this system is so amazing I can even use it for our programs where we perform for the parents It is a stand alone sound system,meaning I don't have to run it through another piece of equipment to get the big deep sound I enjoy. 
154. Since I use both CDs and tapes from years ago, this was the perfect solution to our sound needs at an excellent price.
155. If you want the best portable boombox , this is the one , it has great sound and when you pick it up there is something "heavy-duty" about it ,not cheap parts, it plays cd's burnt from puter , MP3's, full function remote,  theres only one small , very very minor ,thing a backlit display, otherwise, 11 stars
156. For just a little bit of money, you get a lot of sound; well worth the investment.
157. I knew it was going to be big, heavy and ugly, and sound good, when I ordered it, it is all of that, I think it is great, the only thing I would change is that the digital display is small, everything else is big, I love the bass, and powerful sound, it is good for outdoor use.
158. I knew it was going to be big, heavy and ugly, and sound good, when I ordered it, it is all of that, I think it is great, the only thing I would change is that the digital display is small, everything else is big, I love the bass, and powerful sound, it is good for outdoor use.
159. So anything less than my $1000 car system I didn't think would even cut it. but this stereo is amazing its sound quality is better than any other stereo this size! 
160. Excellent sound quality. 
161. I was quite impressed with the sound (which he played quite loud).  
162. Even though I have a very good sound system in our living room, I set this up in the bedroom and could not be more pleased with its performance over the last few weeks.  
163. The display screen is the only place they skimped, but I would rather have the tremendous sound this provides with a little, un-lit screen than vice versa. 
164. The sound is outstanding and it is easy to use.  
165. And although there are several preset sound controls, it would be nice to have a user customizable option for those moments when you want to tailor the sound to specific tastes. 
166. And although there are several preset sound controls, it would be nice to have a user customizable option for those moments when you want to tailor the sound to specific tastes. 
167. Although I can use an iPod with the external jack, it was nice to load a CD up with MP3 files and control the player with the unit's remote.All in all the CFDG700CP serves up impressive sound that will blow the doors off of other portable radios!
168. Pictures on the Amazon site give you the breadth but not the depth of the sizing.Assuming you can handle the size, the main function of the unit - produce quality sound at high volumes - is worth the entry fee.  
169. Classical, simple vocal, pop, rock, country - excellent sound and reasonable tone-shaping controls - presets for rock, salsa, flat, and a couple of others do shape the sound a bit. 3 levels for the bass add, tied to the red rim light on the center bass speaker.Controls are reasonably intuitive, although the station preset button is strangely hidden on the cassette side. 
170. Think Flash Gordon and you'll be close.Pros: great sound, clear controls, good operation, features do what you expect.Summary: if you can handle the size and appearance, you'll have a great boombox.
171. It is quite heavy and big, but great sound for the price.
172. Produces good sound and bass for its size.  
173. I was essentially torn between this (the xplod 700) and the xplod 505.I wanted:- Good overall sound- Good bass response- Line-in / ability to use my mp3 player with it.- Good reviews on Amazon- Free shipping (i have paid for that feature)My review is based on these criteriaI just received it today, so this review is as such.First, let me say: do not let the weight scare you off.  
174. The 505 is 17.6 lbs.)700's sound:The most important thing is the sound, imo.  
175. The 505 is 17.6 lbs.)700's sound:The most important thing is the sound, imo.  
176. Not bright enough, or maybe it didn't sound as 'immediate' as it should?  
177. I bought this one to get good sound from one box, instead of inferior sound from many.  
178. I bought this one to get good sound from one box, instead of inferior sound from many.  
179. Has great sound. 
180. The method to switch from radio to CD and auxiliary mode are very easy to understand, even for oldies like me (smiles).The sound quality it's decent+. 
181. the radio has a good sound. 
182. Good sound. 
183. Very attractive and volume and sound are great...but, the radio tuning is awkward and all keys are tiny.Price decent.
184. I'm giving this 5 stars based solely on the sound quality-to-value ratio.  
185. Awesome sound so easy to use.  
186. It was everything it said it was...If you want a great sound, remote control, cool looking, this is the one for you...
187. And it does exactly what I wanted it to do.I wanted something that sounded good, though, something that had a wide response spectrum and clear sound, and it does deliver.  
188. And the sound is superb.That said, I am surprised that it is not able to get as loud as my twenty year old machine it replaces.  
189. This radio has excellent sound quality.  
190. I like the size and weight of it, it feels substantial and it delivers powerful sound.
191. I didn't care for the tiny diplay window or the cassette player, but the sound was great for the cd and radio. 
192. If anyone out there knows of a really good boombox that has a great bass sound and it last for more than five years, let me know. 
193. The sound is clear and full, the bass is rich, and each of the functions (radio, CD player, cassette player, etc.) work quite well, with no complaints.  
194. The Sony CFDG700CP CD Boombox Radio Cassette Recorder is a great boombox when you need sound that carries. 
195. The sound is great playing in MP3, CD, or radio mode. 
196. Great sound with good adjustable base... much better sound than anything I've ever owned.  
197. Great sound with good adjustable base... much better sound than anything I've ever owned.  
198. When I turn off the bass boost, the sound is rather flat.  
199. SONY a brand to TRUST....Awesome product, this stereo set automatically adjust equalizer when on high volume for better sound( HARMONIC DISTORTION). 
200. Sound is perfect. 
201. Has great sound.  
202. Love the sound & lights but boombox is heavy.  
203. I do love the CD player and the radio sound quality is terrific.  
204. This is a great boom box for outdoor use where the sound can get lost. 
205. Sleek Looking and great sound....
206. Nice product its bigger than i remembered but has great sound.  
207. Big sound was what I wanted to play this outside and it's perfect.
208. This boombox has a great sound. 
209. The sound is great. 
210. If you are in the market for the latest boombox with great sound and that can play CD's MP3's and have an audio jack. 
211. The Cassette sound has now become intermittent. 
212. This boombox sits in my husbands huge garage and the sound is incredible! 
213. great sound! 
214. I got more than I expected, it is great, the sound is great, it is a large not small boom box, there is is only one negative thing I have to say about it, the tuning window does not light up, besides that everything is a plus!!!!!!!!!
215. That was the mean of obtaining a decent sound quickly without all sorts of experimentation with settings such as 'Reggeton' or 'Rock' or 'Salsa' etc.  
216. Hopefully Sony will come up with a version of this unit with a civilized appearance, better EQ, no cassette deck, same audio specs, and bigger, lighted, more informative LCD.It does sound great.
217. I love the great sound that this boombox produces.  
218. Excellent sound quality and the price was right.it also came with a mp3 player and the base is kind of cool as it thumps.
219. CD player sound good but hard to see buttons with very little options.This is my first review on any product, Just don't buy, you will be disapointed.
220. I was hoping for better sound because of the reviews but that is not to say it sounds bad. 
221. the sound is very good, and the remote control is very good.The reason I can not give a 4 or 5 star rating is the display.  
222. The sound reproduction of a Sony is unparalleled by any other boombox on the market, so I knew that the replacement had to be a Sony. 
223. You will be flabbergasted at the sound quality from this Sony CFDG700CP !  
224. I got this before hurricane season for news and music...i was worried because my family has two extremes the really picky sound system/ musician pain in the neck LOL perfect hearing and some of us have distortion in our hearing that makes clarity and loudness imperative...I have to say for the first time all of us could listen and comprehend the radio spoken voice and when cranked up the music we had  an even bigger blast...I spent a fortune on out door speakers and indoor sound sytems for each room....I have bought BOSE ipod speakers...MEH on the soundI have to say the sound on this boom box could have been  fine in our workout room and bedrooms...I just love it...I am sending one to my cousin who is hearing impaired because like me she has a hard time with radios...and stuff....This really was a godsend during hurricane Irene...the radio came in loud and clear it worked for days on batteries...was so worth it..and you cannot beat the price...
225. I got this before hurricane season for news and music...i was worried because my family has two extremes the really picky sound system/ musician pain in the neck LOL perfect hearing and some of us have distortion in our hearing that makes clarity and loudness imperative...I have to say for the first time all of us could listen and comprehend the radio spoken voice and when cranked up the music we had  an even bigger blast...I spent a fortune on out door speakers and indoor sound sytems for each room....I have bought BOSE ipod speakers...MEH on the soundI have to say the sound on this boom box could have been  fine in our workout room and bedrooms...I just love it...I am sending one to my cousin who is hearing impaired because like me she has a hard time with radios...and stuff....This really was a godsend during hurricane Irene...the radio came in loud and clear it worked for days on batteries...was so worth it..and you cannot beat the price...
226. For one, I found that the "stereo sound" is good, ie it does have plenty of bass (this is true, of course), but for for all the whoopin' and hollerin' about it here in the reviews I was prepared for something that would knock me back into yesterday... or somewhere farther than it actually does manage to do.The bass is great, but I am used to a Logitech Z-5300's dedicated bass sub-woofer here at my PC, at the very least, and it is driven to the tune of 200RMS Watts with its own special amp's sub-system, and THAT my friends is Kick-Arse Bass, not the little bit of sound from the Sony boombox! 
227. For one, I found that the "stereo sound" is good, ie it does have plenty of bass (this is true, of course), but for for all the whoopin' and hollerin' about it here in the reviews I was prepared for something that would knock me back into yesterday... or somewhere farther than it actually does manage to do.The bass is great, but I am used to a Logitech Z-5300's dedicated bass sub-woofer here at my PC, at the very least, and it is driven to the tune of 200RMS Watts with its own special amp's sub-system, and THAT my friends is Kick-Arse Bass, not the little bit of sound from the Sony boombox! 
228. Make no mistake there is plenty of sound "there" to hear, it's just not a sophisticated rendition of a melody that you hear: ie it's loud, it's full of bass with the adjustments done correctly, but I'm not that impressed with the overall sound quality. 
229. I am not going to beat around the bush and find more detractions in the Sony boombox, but I think you can see why and how I came to the "3-star conclusion" here...it's an average execution of a boombox, with decent sound, exceptional bass response with plenty of adjustments for tone quality, but it just lacks the sophistication and features for a better rating. 
230. It's ok, it's got impressive bass response without a doubt, but I'll take the feature set from my 20+ year-old JVC boombox system any day: with the JVC I can separate the speakers for more dramatic and dynamic sound, it's got an auto reversing cassette system x 2, and most of all, the  JVC has XLNT sound with a nice bit of sophistication and good looks that the Sony just doesn't possess.That's the way I see it, and I am calling it like I hear it, no punches pulled and nothing overlooked, this is reality and I'm here to tell you about it 100% up front and personal. 
231. It's ok, it's got impressive bass response without a doubt, but I'll take the feature set from my 20+ year-old JVC boombox system any day: with the JVC I can separate the speakers for more dramatic and dynamic sound, it's got an auto reversing cassette system x 2, and most of all, the  JVC has XLNT sound with a nice bit of sophistication and good looks that the Sony just doesn't possess.That's the way I see it, and I am calling it like I hear it, no punches pulled and nothing overlooked, this is reality and I'm here to tell you about it 100% up front and personal. 
232. I'm just not overwhelmed at all with features, sound quality or packaging: the Sony is average to just above average with its superior bass response, but that will NOT win the contest for "best boombox" in my field of dreams.I don't know if there are boomboxes available from other manufacturers that eclipse this Sony in sound quality, features, or packaging, because I haven't really gone out and tried to find something extra-special, like my 20-year old JVC boombox that even today appears contemporary and full-featured. 
233. I'm just not overwhelmed at all with features, sound quality or packaging: the Sony is average to just above average with its superior bass response, but that will NOT win the contest for "best boombox" in my field of dreams.I don't know if there are boomboxes available from other manufacturers that eclipse this Sony in sound quality, features, or packaging, because I haven't really gone out and tried to find something extra-special, like my 20-year old JVC boombox that even today appears contemporary and full-featured. 
234. This has very good sound despite limited tone controls (consisting only of presets for rock, salsa(!)
235. That aside, this is well worth your money, and I'm certain you will appreciate the sound as I do.  
236. Plus a AM/FM radio with preset channelsOn top of that it has really good sound and adjustable baseI would highly recommend this item
237. It has..AMAZING...sound quality !!..
238. So...5 stars for sound quality..I don't want to discourage anyone with less stars...I probably should have taken off 1 or 2 for the battery contact problem, but since I can still use it plugged in...I will leave it at 5.
239. The sound is average and the boombox's features are extremely average.

negative sentences : 
1. The long and short of this is, if you want Sony quality sound just with more bass? 
2. All the ipod/mp3 portable units i looked at have pathetic bass, weak sound overall, and are very expensive for what you get. 
3. Then i realized that i'm more interested in decent sound quality than some ultra-portable unit that i'd never use because the the sound was so tinny. 
4. Then i realized that i'm more interested in decent sound quality than some ultra-portable unit that i'd never use because the the sound was so tinny. 
5. If you are interested in sound quality more than trendy looks, this is a good choice. 
6. Volume level seems to be a bit lower and not quite as clear to my ears when using an mp3 player, but this is very slight.I have not tested battery use as to heave this beast around with batteries would get tiring very quickly.Overall, a great boom box that will not disappoint, but again, it is bigger than most made today (and deeper in width) and is heavy but great sound.The display is probably the weakest aspect of this player.  
7. Be forewarned that it is a heavy device, but if you want thundering portable sound, this is your stereo.
8. my sister had brought this boombox at a store for about 50 dollars more than what I paid for it and when she brought it home I absoulty fell in love with the sound was amazing but I wasnt going to pay that much money for it so came home and checked the best web site in the world {amazon} and there it was for 50 dollars cheaper and I just got my income tax return and thought ok Im buyin in when I told her what I got it for needless to say she was not happy that I got it for so cheap but the sound is amazing and the volume could blow you out of the house thanks amazon your the best if I ever find something and its so expensive 95 percent of the time amazon has it cheaperIm a huge Celtic Thunder fan it make them seem like there in the room preforming it the best
9. my sister had brought this boombox at a store for about 50 dollars more than what I paid for it and when she brought it home I absoulty fell in love with the sound was amazing but I wasnt going to pay that much money for it so came home and checked the best web site in the world {amazon} and there it was for 50 dollars cheaper and I just got my income tax return and thought ok Im buyin in when I told her what I got it for needless to say she was not happy that I got it for so cheap but the sound is amazing and the volume could blow you out of the house thanks amazon your the best if I ever find something and its so expensive 95 percent of the time amazon has it cheaperIm a huge Celtic Thunder fan it make them seem like there in the room preforming it the best
10. The loudness was great but this is a large and heavy product.We would have great difficulty transporting the item.Too bad - had great sound.
11. The sound is loud enough,  but the cd player sucks.  
12. Have wasted 30 and 40 bucks on portables that die after a year or less, and the sound quality doesn't compare. 
13. The sound is great but not the best, it is powerful enough to fill a large area. 
14. So if you need a portable cd player with super sound, amazon is really the place to purchase this item, because nobody else had this model.
15. I would like to have more control over sound range rather than preset controls... however the best rated systems are well over $100 to $200 more than this unit... so to me it's the best value for the cost.
16. I was looking for a one piece boom box that was not expensive, yet would sound good.  
17. I am very impressed by the many features and especially the sound.  
18. By experimenting with the EQ presets and the sub-woofer output...one can achieve a very satisfying sound for all type of music.This uit can play loud without audible distortion...I mean really loud.  
19. This helps the sub deliver surprisingly deep bass and gives this unit an overall impressive sound. 
20. Secondly, the X-plod models are the only transportable boom boxes that offer really loud sound quality.  
21. The boom box got here early and has an awesome sound&#62; I use it as my CD Player for my dance studio and I love it. 
22. The &#34;Play&#34; and &#34;Stop&#34; buttons began to malfunction, and the volume control became mixed with the sound control. 
23. To me it's all about the sound, it has 5 different sound environments but I leave it mostly on flat. 
24. To me it's all about the sound, it has 5 different sound environments but I leave it mostly on flat. 
25. Moreover it's portable, has a sweet sub that doesn't sound to "thumpish" but instead compliments the jazz and trip hop that I play. 
26. It has different sound enhancement options, bass booster and it looks cool too.I bought this for work and I'm thinking of getting other for home!
27. I love the bass but the sound its not as Crystal clear as I was hoping but I guess i cant never find my ideal perfect boombox unless i make my own so i would have to be ok with tis one for now.It also skips a lot of my cds and mp3.
28. The sound is not as good as the JVC RV-NB1 Radio Cassette CD Boombox I had that I gave to a family member. 
29. Some had less sound. 
30. We all jumped out of our seats when the THX logo went off after the ending credits of Avatar, it got that loud.One more thing I tried that gave it some more bass (this is going to sound crazy but), I stuck a cap from a 2 liter bottle into the left bass port and plugged it up. 
31. If you like a deep base powerful boom box this is your champion, the sound quality is great, not sure why it has a cassette recorder, who doesn't have CDs by now and its got some weight to it, not the easiest box to move around, but i take it to our volleyball games and its excellent. 
32. I wanted a portable radio that delivered great sound and this is all that for the price.  
33. You get to listen to cds, mp3 players, radio, cassette and you get different subwoofer power settings and different sound type settings.  
34. The sound is good, but not great.  
35. It is for out door use has great sound  also picks up a lot of radio stations when I just want to listen to radio outside. 
36. This unit puts out great bass, but not being able to fine tune the sound to my personal preference was a deal breaker for me. 
37. The CD and radio sound great, although we have not tried the tape player yet,
38. Not only does it sound great,the price is really good too. 
39. On the plus side the remote control is handy, the auxiliary input is convenient for playing music from a different source, the sound quality is reasonable, and it can play fairly loud. 
40. The sound is crisp and clear, no matter if your playing classical or metal. 
41. The PROS: Rich, BIG bass; loud and clean sound; built-in sound presets; auxiliary jack for connecting MP3 players or other audio devices; comes with remote control; big, solid feel; circular red LED light around the bass driver is neatThe CONS: Tiny LCD display is hard to read; archaic mechanical cassette controls; circular red LED light always on with woofer in use; heavy with batteries; would like a user adjustable sound control; CD mechanism didn't lastLooking for a battery powered 'portable radio' with a big voice? 
42. The PROS: Rich, BIG bass; loud and clean sound; built-in sound presets; auxiliary jack for connecting MP3 players or other audio devices; comes with remote control; big, solid feel; circular red LED light around the bass driver is neatThe CONS: Tiny LCD display is hard to read; archaic mechanical cassette controls; circular red LED light always on with woofer in use; heavy with batteries; would like a user adjustable sound control; CD mechanism didn't lastLooking for a battery powered 'portable radio' with a big voice? 
43. The PROS: Rich, BIG bass; loud and clean sound; built-in sound presets; auxiliary jack for connecting MP3 players or other audio devices; comes with remote control; big, solid feel; circular red LED light around the bass driver is neatThe CONS: Tiny LCD display is hard to read; archaic mechanical cassette controls; circular red LED light always on with woofer in use; heavy with batteries; would like a user adjustable sound control; CD mechanism didn't lastLooking for a battery powered 'portable radio' with a big voice? 
44. I have found a preset and a bass setting that gives me pretty decent sound.I'm usually not a huge fan of 2.1 stereo (where you have stereo speakers for midrange and treble, but a center woofer for bass).  
45. I don't listen to that much eaither, but the overall sound quality is great.
46. This Is Not Your Typical Boom Box With Tinny Cheap Sound. 
47. Great sound but not so portable.  
48. The sound is pretty mediocre, and the whole thing is very "plasticky" and cheaply made. 
49. It has loud AND good sound. the delivery was earlier than I was told it would be. 
50. And especially this: it's really NOT THAT GREAT SOUND! 
51. It's pretty much aok fine for what it is, but I guess I've just been listening to too much XLNT music, as usual, with a house, car, and pretty much "life" filled with high-end sound systems of one type or another, for it to let me love this "Crazy Red Little Space-Ship BoomBox Thingie" so very, very much.It's not that I hate it or anything like that, but realistically I rated it 3 Stars because that's what it deserves for what it does, plain, Jane Simpleton. 
52. The Sony's bass just buzzes and rumbles a bit, makes a nice bit of noise, and poof, it's done...even at its highest, most indelible setting.I bought the Sony "Xplode" system as a Xmas present for my Mom, who desperately needed a replacement for a $30 "Wal-Mart Special" stereo system that we got her in a pinch 2 Xmas's ago, and it was time for that to go...You know the kind: heavy on the plastic chrome treatment, tin-can sound with little bass and mid range that overwhelms the senses...yes, that type of thing! 
53. If paying more than $100 for one of these things it should certainly knock your socks off in terms of the overall sound and feature set, and the Sony does neither of those things. 
54. I listened to last years model, the 500, and it's not remotely close to the great sound of this years! 
55. (The speakers sound good, so it's not a huge deal, but still).- Handle feels flimsy, like it's going to break when I pick up the unit.- Audio input isn't openly accessible; it's behind this rather clunky door, and has this weird loose plug you have to figure out what to do with when you're using it.  
56. Pros:- Good sound overall.- Nice and loud when I need it to be.- Different bass settings from boom to BOOOOM!
57. Well, it did not sound amazing right out of the box.  
58. would be the thing...of course this boombox / price range doesn't have that.Despite all this, overall, the sound was pretty balanced, deep, and useable for NON-critical listening.  
59. An interesting side note:On the Sony 700, I can swear that I can hear that the sound is coming from more than one speaker, and that this doesn't sound as natural as all the sound coming from one single speaker, as on the cheap, Coby boombox that I replaced with the Sony.  
60. An interesting side note:On the Sony 700, I can swear that I can hear that the sound is coming from more than one speaker, and that this doesn't sound as natural as all the sound coming from one single speaker, as on the cheap, Coby boombox that I replaced with the Sony.  
61. An interesting side note:On the Sony 700, I can swear that I can hear that the sound is coming from more than one speaker, and that this doesn't sound as natural as all the sound coming from one single speaker, as on the cheap, Coby boombox that I replaced with the Sony.  
62. Strange as it may sound, having only ONE speaker made the sound more unified on the Coby, and I liked that.Well, deep down, we all want bass.  
63. Strange as it may sound, having only ONE speaker made the sound more unified on the Coby, and I liked that.Well, deep down, we all want bass.  
64. So, after some listening, the 'unified sound' thing faded from notice, and the Sony was absolutely beating the Coby.  
65. But I have no issue whatsoever with the quality of sound.Two concerns...well not concerns, but more like wishful thinking.1.- I wish the unit would be smaller (let's say this more than a rubenesque unit). 
66. There are multiple speakers and the bass sound is awesome.  
67. I'm not a sound engineer, but I have invested a small fortune in various systems over the years and this Sony is pretty cool.  
68. I read that people's rooms, walls, lives, etc. are crumbling from the sound ouput, but that was not my experience at all.  
