
------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : power, positive Score : 36 and negative Score :-10
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Sound knob keeps turning but does not get louder than a ten.weak power
2. This works very well.I have used it mainly at the drive in with my kids.It is nice that it is water proof when it sprinkles rain at the show.The only downer is the power adapter is external.For its size you would think they would have built the power supply into the unit.It does have a compartment in the back of the unit where you can store the power supply.
3. The large ac power cord can be an eyesore, but is needed to power this boombox up, or use 6 d-volt batteries. 
4. My only complaint is the power cord has a tiny access point and could easily be damaged on the job. 
5. It is rugged enough to take along to the work site, keep in the garage, take camping, you name it; it has sealed compartments and speaker guards to protect from dust or hits; it has a sturdy handle built into a protective frame; it has a small enough footprint to sit on most standard shelves ... also, it has a smarter, simpler look that I appreciate; it doesn't look like some sci-fi robot or a work of abstract art ... it is surprisingly light since the power supply is contained with the AC adapter (some might find it a negative to have to lug around a heavier, bulky AC adapter, but it depends on your perspective).  
6. The power cord is bulky as others have noted. 
7. So, we had to buy a separate waterproof container to store the power cord in.
8. Like a lot of things on this boombox "yeah it works..but..." it leaves you wanting a bit more.-  The power cord is klunky has the transformer box in the middle thing.  
9. Plus there's a large storage space in the back for the power plug (while using batteries), extra batteries, MP3 player, keys or whatever else you can fit.The power cord is a bit ridiculous being the wall wart transformer type instead of a straight power cord, but I can live with that.I LOVE THIS THING!
10. Plus there's a large storage space in the back for the power plug (while using batteries), extra batteries, MP3 player, keys or whatever else you can fit.The power cord is a bit ridiculous being the wall wart transformer type instead of a straight power cord, but I can live with that.I LOVE THIS THING!
11. Plus there's a large storage space in the back for the power plug (while using batteries), extra batteries, MP3 player, keys or whatever else you can fit.The power cord is a bit ridiculous being the wall wart transformer type instead of a straight power cord, but I can live with that.I LOVE THIS THING!
12. The cord itself is heavy because of the added power box.
13. The only hangs ups I really have with it are:1) It uses a huge power adapter instead of a standard power cord that could fold neatly into the back of the radio.2) The volume has to be turned up upon powering up the radio (it defaults to level 0), so it wont keep your volume settings like my old radio would after being turned off.3) A remote would have been nice, too.
14. The only hangs ups I really have with it are:1) It uses a huge power adapter instead of a standard power cord that could fold neatly into the back of the radio.2) The volume has to be turned up upon powering up the radio (it defaults to level 0), so it wont keep your volume settings like my old radio would after being turned off.3) A remote would have been nice, too.
15. It does have a large power brick if you're plugging it into a wall socket.  
16. My preset stations did hold through a power disconnect with no batteries (although it was a short disconnect).Pros:Large simple easy to use controlsMP3 player with song and artist displayLarge size but light weight with no batteriesBig sound with Big bassVery long power cord (with a brick in it)Cons:Audio is some what muffled (not bad but I hoped for better)I would recommend this product.
17. the brick on the power cord is ridiculous.  
18. That allowed game calls to be used through the unit as well as listening to podcast. and other MP3 type modes.Really good battery life as well as the removable AC/DC power supply.  
19. very good boom box for our needs, can take the heat and humidity on the lanai, we had to send the first one back as the power cord was bad , but Amazon was great and very responsive and we had our new cord in 2 days. 
20. An AC cord with a heavy transformer in the middle and a fragile wire to provide power.  
21. Its power cord is even big, its a cord with a huge block attached with no purpose making it more heavy. i purchased with in the last five month some time and its already loosing more sound quality. 
22. Bulky in-line power adapter on cord, very annoying, should have been built in.2. 
23. The power adaptor is ridiculous as is the option to run on 6 "D" batteries.  
24. it's good and loud when i want it to be and a breeze to use with big buttons and an actual volume knob -- a real plus in my book.not to get too technical, but the ZS-H10CP's power cord does not have a 'wall wart' transformer.  

negative sentences : 
1. Their sole troubleshooting solution was to plug it into a different power circuit.  
2. Like the compartment to store the power so you can hide it away when not needed but have it available if close to a power outlet.  
3. A/C power supply is large but not that big a problem. 
4. Best price of $[...].Rigid: Not sure who uses Rigid power tools but if so then consider so you can use your existing batteries to power.  
5. Unfortunately the low power of the amp and the lack of a subwoofer makes the unit inferior to some of Sony's previous models for the purpose of listening to hip-hop, dance, and other bass heavy music. 
6. The most annoying power cord ever.  
7. Now, for the con's: If anything, it would be 1) It has a bulky AC adaptor verses a regular power cord, and 2) Not a definitive sound meaning the sound is very good, and I mean that, but it could use a simple equalizer component as part of the system, and not just the bass boost which does indeed work well.  
8. Did not have good reception for radio, cd deck stopped working within the first year and now power will not stay on. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : product, positive Score : 36 and negative Score :-5
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. The product is exceptional!! 
2. Great product.
3. Overall I am very satisfied with this product.  
4. Such a small detail could ruin the entire product. 
5. I searched high and low for a product like this and seriously, this was the only one that had it all ... plays regular and mp3 CDs, AM/FM radio, line-in for any external player from laptops to mp3 players, no useless cassette player to get in the way and most importantly, it has GREAT sound; plenty of volume and bass response.  
6. Definetly recommend this Boombox, Sony always makes a great, affordable product!
7. The maximum volume on this product is terrible.  
8. Basically this product is great in every way except what matters most, how does the music sound?
9. I thought Sony was a good product. 
10. This item is a good product.I would recommend this product for purchase.I found one item I did not like.The power cord as supplied has a converter in the linewhich is bulky and cumbersome.  
11. It was an excellent decision on my part to have made this purchase; the product is of great quality, and the shipping was much faster than I expected!
12. Great product !!! 
13. I do like that with the input jack you can use the unit as a small subwoofer box of sorts to plug into a TV for extra sound; I assume that you could even use the unit as a so-so PA system for events as well.In conclusion, Sony has a great product here, but they need to balance out the options more in order to truly make this the king of sport/worksite boomboxes. 
14. Great product...fast shipping.  
15. There are two main reasons whiy I chose this product: The first reason is that I had been lookint at it at a local store, but I had always thought they were asking too much for it. 
16. Service was excellent and the overall product is great.
17. Came in a nice box, overall great product, would buy it again!
18. My preset stations did hold through a power disconnect with no batteries (although it was a short disconnect).Pros:Large simple easy to use controlsMP3 player with song and artist displayLarge size but light weight with no batteriesBig sound with Big bassVery long power cord (with a brick in it)Cons:Audio is some what muffled (not bad but I hoped for better)I would recommend this product.
19. I must admit that my expectations were quite high when I purchased this product, and those expectations were either met or exceeded. 
20. The product seems really good.  
21. Good product. 
22. Great product, except I think the radio should receive signals better then it does. 
23. The strength of this product is it's sound and apparent durability; the glaring weakness is its tuner. 
24. This is an outstanding product. 
25. There has got to be a better product on the market, especially given the price.
26. Thanks again to Sony for another outstanding product.
27. I used the Sony H10CP all summer and I feel its time to write a real, tested product review. 
28. AWSOME sound, fast track-to-track navigation in both MP3 and plain cd, very durable construction and pretty light for it's size. the only downside to this product is it DOES NOT come with the software stated. you must download that directly from Sony.
29. I bought this unit a few days before a 4 day snow caving/camping trip (thanks Amazon for the fast shipping) mainly because the product description said it was water resistant.  

negative sentences : 
1. They do tend to cost alittle more than your average product, Sony does not make average products. 
2. I read a good portion of the reviews (good and bad) before I purchased this product.  
3. I actually wanted a more portable CD player but after reading multiple product reviews, I opted for this heavy-duty model and am not at all disappointed.  
4. Like I said, it is hard to find any other product that completely rivals this unit in it's price range.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : volume, positive Score : 55 and negative Score :-7
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. It gets sufficient volume without heavy distortion that I can hear it some distance away over background noise.On 6 D batteries, I can run it for over 4 hours per day for almost a month. 
2. it's good and loud when i want it to be and a breeze to use with big buttons and an actual volume knob -- a real plus in my book.not to get too technical, but the ZS-H10CP's power cord does not have a 'wall wart' transformer.  
3. :this edit 2/16/2012: i bought this 2 years ago cause i wanted a rugged radio to take to the lake and be able to take a beating. i was really impressed with how good the sound quality was and how loud it could get. put it outside and everyone can hear it even at parties. for awhile my friend used it in his vw bus cause he didnt have a radio in it. he just put it on the passenger seat or on the floor. its been dropped, fallen off shelves, shoved into a shelf and used as tv speakers. i lost the power cord for awhile and had to use batteries which lasted a long time on moderate volume. im sure beer has been spilled of it as well since its been to alot of parties. after all this the only thing thats broken is the the top antenna piece which isnt a big deal, i dont even know how that happened. other than that its got some scuffs and scrapes. the only gripe i have  is that when its bumped the cd skips (but does not scratch the disk.) and the lid doesnt close very securely, (can be opened with slight pressure on the sides) nothing alittle tape to hold it down cant fix. but since its most of the time out of the way of people its not a problem. so overall excellent boombox that will last a long time i just wish that for the money it could take hits without skipping
4. The only hangs ups I really have with it are:1) It uses a huge power adapter instead of a standard power cord that could fold neatly into the back of the radio.2) The volume has to be turned up upon powering up the radio (it defaults to level 0), so it wont keep your volume settings like my old radio would after being turned off.3) A remote would have been nice, too.
5. First, out of the box, the digital readout for volume was half working (reads 10s, but not units digits, which just show -- ).  
6. This is indeed heavy duty, and it has great sound - lots of volume! 
7. It is loud enough to be heard over generators and air compressors and lasts a solid week on batteries when used for 9 hours a day on high volume. 
8. Large volume control and easy to use buttons on the zs-H10cp console make this boombox a pleasure to use. 
9. Battery life is poor (maybe 8 hours on 6 "D" cells) and the sound volume is on the weak side.  
10. I searched high and low for a product like this and seriously, this was the only one that had it all ... plays regular and mp3 CDs, AM/FM radio, line-in for any external player from laptops to mp3 players, no useless cassette player to get in the way and most importantly, it has GREAT sound; plenty of volume and bass response.  
11. To get maximum performance at maximum volume, plug the H10 in, to either a wall socket or an external battery, like the Duracell Powersource Mobile 100.2. 
12. The maximum volume on this product is terrible.  
13. The volume knob is convenient and much more easy to maneuver than the old version with push button volume. 
14. The volume knob is convenient and much more easy to maneuver than the old version with push button volume. 
15. Even at full volume, it just didn't "boom".  
16. And the batteries draw down from new to 1.2V way too soon, even with the volume at medium levels.  
17. The Sony suits that purpose very well, with excellent volume and fidelity.  
18. Good volume for gardening. 
19. Remember to always keep your device volume at about 70-80% and use the portable stereo volume adjustment after that, otherwise in my experience you start to get some pretty serious distortion in the sound.  
20. Great that you can leave the AC adapter (included) at home when going to the beach, making it a little lighter.So - well built gear, great sound, easy to handle (big wheel for volume, nice buttons at the side) combined with very good radio reception: FIVE stars without a blink & highly recommended.
21. Even though the volume is not as loud as I thought it would be, the radio is still a perfect investment for the shop.
22. Great tone/sound, good volume, many features. 
23. Extra large volume knob is smooth and responsive. 
24. The unit has an excellent balance of sound as well; bass boost does its job without cutting out even near the maximum volume, the middle tones are clear and rich, and treble is crisp without any distortion. 
25. It takes quite a few turns of the volume control to increase the volume to an adequate level. 
26. It takes quite a few turns of the volume control to increase the volume to an adequate level. 
27. It's the most expensive boombox I've ever bought (I'm a cheapskate), but I got tired of replacing my cheap boomboxes after they broke and having to listen to them at half volume because of awful sound and distortion.  
28. The speakers are large mid range size. they do play bass well, but they are not sup woofers. don't expect too much. the speakers start do distort the sound when playing a song with a lot of bass at full volume. but you can't expect perfect sound from something you can carry around.in conclusion, this is the perfect boom box. sounds good; can play radio, cd, and mp3; its not to heavy; and its built to last.
29. It was turned onto either mp3 or radio the entire time with volume about halfway up.  
30. It needed to have a full robust sound to punch through the outdoor noises of our urban neighborhood but still be responsive and clear at lower volume levels indoors. 
31. It sounds so good when the volume is up, we might get some complaints from the neighbors. 
32. We've used other boom boxes, Ipod waterproof cases ect, and the volume never really could be heard from the water. 

negative sentences : 
1. The only reason I did not give this a full 5 star rating is that when connecting an MP3 player to the unit, which is one of the features I wanted most, the volume doesnt go as loud as will a CD or an MP3 CD.  
2. Clearly  for all its weight and size the jvc kaboombox should have more volume for all its 27 pounds. 
3. I purchased 8 rechargeable D batteries and they seem to last at least 24 hours at a very loud volume. 
4. It's kind of funny but the only complaint I have on it, is that it looks like a portable generator with the volume control pretending to be the gas cap.
5. would have preferred it to be all black but that's ok, I only use it in my gym.......again plenty of volume.......I like loud......
6. Perfect, I use in the Gym, has plenty of volume, a little heavy but really not a big deal unless ur 5yrs old..... 
7. I really like Sony's idea to have the sides of the box be flat(the red hexagons on either side)so that you can pick it up from the side handle and stand it upright to save space(quickly and easily--even with 6 D batteries in it, this thing isn't a chore to lift unless you happen to be a 12 year old girl with stick arms).Complaints(time to whine):While the "stand upright" function is a huge plus for me, Sony put a big dent in that functionality by putting a CD player in the unit that has VERY bad esp(shock/bump protection); so bad in fact that it's impossible to play a CD in it while in the upright position or it skips frantically with the slightest movement(in my case this movement was having the volume up to the high 3 setting w/ mega bass off...not very loud at all). 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : quality, positive Score : 66 and negative Score :-9
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. It does what it's supposed to do, but the sound quality sucks- lacks lows and especially highs, and it makes the sound "shallow".  
2. Very good sound quality.
3. It has very nice sound quality.  
4. The sound quality, however, is good.  
5. It iwll be perfect for outdoor use and the sound quality is perfect!  
6. A very high quality sound system in a tight and stable enclosure. 
7. The sound quality is good. 
8. Sound quality is terrific and the CD's don't jump when the boombox is moved around.
9. If it's as sturdy as it is big & heavy, it'll be a tank of a boombox.The sound quality is good with CD's.  
10. The CD player produces a better quality of sound than the radio does but that could be due to the crappy radio stations where I live.This device has a large footprint. 
11. I have it plugged into AC and will most likely never put a battery in it.My review:This radio/boombox has slightly over average sound quality. 
12. well designed product. controls can be used even with gloves on in the cold weather. light and easy to transport with very good sound quality. great buy!
13. The sound quality on this machine is excellent. 
14. It was an excellent decision on my part to have made this purchase; the product is of great quality, and the shipping was much faster than I expected!
15. I bought it as a present to my son after his boombox stopped playing CDs.AM/FM Radio: I have no complaints here- it picks up local radio stations and it is a good clear reception.CD Player:  I played a CD- no problems here too.Sound Quality:  I was a bit disappointed with the sound quality of the boombox because the old boombox was more pleasant to ear than the new one. 
16. Nice constuction/interface/sound quality.  
17. I take a very dim view of the quality of this boombox now.  
18. This product rocks.We use it all the time even in the rain and it never misses a beat.Great for camping and on the patio.The sound quality is great.
19. The sound quality is great. 
20. This boombox has a great sound and really durable build quality. 
21. The sound quality is great, the rugged construction lives up to the claims on the box, and the features are on par with more expensive radios. 
22. You get sound quality that you'd expect from a pricier unit for a modest amount of money. 
23. -Excellent sound quality: Sony has always been good about its sound capabilities. 
24. Sony is always a good choice for quality audio equipment, along with Bose and Memorex, so this system seemed to be the winner. 
25. The sound quality is great and it picks up lots of stations. 
26. Has good sound quality and a secure CD compartment. 
27. It certainly exceeded my expectations and we are both happy with the sound quality and durable construction while remaining lightweight.
28. It has fantastic sound quality and tremendous reception. 
29. Over all this product is not up to Sony's overall quality. 
30. This went right back in the box when I discovered the tuner is absolute junk.I was able to tune in one or two stations very clearly and the sound quality was good.  
31. Its power cord is even big, its a cord with a huge block attached with no purpose making it more heavy. i purchased with in the last five month some time and its already loosing more sound quality. 
32. For most people this is a great heavy duty unit with quality sound. 
33. Although I'm not crazy about the D.O.T. or Hunter Orange color, it is a good, quality item for the price...and, as far as my research indicated...is the ONLY item on the market built to withstand exceptional/tuff environments.
34. On a classics station, commercials from nearby stations were *really* noticable when they came on.There was actually another problem with my particular sample, which is that it arrived with a faulty display (didn't have all the segments working in the rightmost character/number), but I could have lived with that.The sound quality might be pretty good for CD's, MP3's and other clean sources, but I bought this specifically for the radio, and that part stinks (both AM and FM were plagued with this problem).  
35. Kids love it, it feels sturdy and it is another toy where they will fight for.Sound quality is far more better than I thought, we used to have a 5yr old Sony boombox, this one is by far the better one.Quality is great, I don 't expect trouble with this one. 
36. The sound quality & projection works well in our environment. 
37. For most usage, I think it has great sound quality and loudness.Finally, no ridiculous tape player.  
38. I own a bose acoustic wave portable, and this comes close to the sound quality of the bose.
39. Sound quality is excellent.
40. It's weather resistant, which is perfect for his pool area, and the sound quality is good.
41. i was limited to my choices of a rugged boombox with a cd player.my dad goes through a boombox every year due to weather related issues and what-not.although the true test will be through the summer, this box puts out some good quality sound.it has preset buttons which is nice and although it is large, it is not heavy, which is also nice.
42. The Sony Radio Boombox has great sound quality.  
43. :this edit 2/16/2012: i bought this 2 years ago cause i wanted a rugged radio to take to the lake and be able to take a beating. i was really impressed with how good the sound quality was and how loud it could get. put it outside and everyone can hear it even at parties. for awhile my friend used it in his vw bus cause he didnt have a radio in it. he just put it on the passenger seat or on the floor. its been dropped, fallen off shelves, shoved into a shelf and used as tv speakers. i lost the power cord for awhile and had to use batteries which lasted a long time on moderate volume. im sure beer has been spilled of it as well since its been to alot of parties. after all this the only thing thats broken is the the top antenna piece which isnt a big deal, i dont even know how that happened. other than that its got some scuffs and scrapes. the only gripe i have  is that when its bumped the cd skips (but does not scratch the disk.) and the lid doesnt close very securely, (can be opened with slight pressure on the sides) nothing alittle tape to hold it down cant fix. but since its most of the time out of the way of people its not a problem. so overall excellent boombox that will last a long time i just wish that for the money it could take hits without skipping
44. Sony use to be made in Japan of much higher quality.  
45. Anyone looking for a higher quality sound system that is portable and can take some abuse...buy this one! 
46. You can turn this bad boy up to max and the quality is amazing and LOUD. 
47. #2 - Impressive sound quality. 
48. I purchased thinkin it had sony quality, now Im not so sure.
49. The sound quality is excellent from the audio-in. 
50. This seemed like the perfect unit to have outside.It does sound good, but build quality is dismal!  

negative sentences : 
1. It fills the jail classrooms with loud, high quality worship music.  
2. First I bought Insigna's cheap little white "sport" player that had an interesting design but worthless sound quality and output. 
3. As a result, sound quality toggles between mid-range-muffled, and mid-range-muffled-with-louder-bass- On our unit, the LCD display arrived dysfunctional: right-most digit was unreadable.Otherwise, the unit is sturdy and ruggedized, and the controls and ports are weatherized and easy to operate with gloves.  
4. Listen, between the shear size - the size of a piece of luggage, the poor quality sound, and that stupid DC converter half the size of a brick built into the power cord, I sent it back for a refund.  
5. I thought only such quality would come from a stereo system.  
6. Not too heavy and good quality sound my husband is very pleased with this radio for his outdoor shows this summer
7. The five or six other local stations I tried were nearly impossible to distinguish becasue of bleed over and had terrible sound quality.  
8. Sound quality is more than expected, box is well built and superb engineering is evident.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : batteries, positive Score : 41 and negative Score :-4
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I bought this boombox to take to the beach and on camping trips, and am amazed at how long the batteries last and how durable it has been.  
2. Sure, you could use batteries instead and avoid the huge powerblock, but who wants to spend money for D size batteries constantly?
3. It is loud enough to be heard over generators and air compressors and lasts a solid week on batteries when used for 9 hours a day on high volume. 
4. For most people it's probably not a problem, but when working around generators and trying to save batteries it gets old quickly.
5. The large ac power cord can be an eyesore, but is needed to power this boombox up, or use 6 d-volt batteries. 
6. It is too big (and with batteries too heavy) to use in any other way. 
7. This is not a problem, but something to be aware of if you are to buy it.Likes: plays MP3 CDs effortlessly, good on batteries, easy controls, pretty good soundImprovement required: radio reception is adequate, but could be better.  
8. However, MP3s show good title information.Finally, it runs great on batteries.  
9. Used this for the beach, for outside while I'm doing yard work...batteries last a long time. 
10. This boombox is attractive, well made, has beautiful sound and the batteries last a long time. 
11. On a weekly basis I played CD's for at least 30 minutes, and the batteries lasted for months of use.  
12. I could not carry replacement batteries with me, so it was important to be able to depend upon the batteries lasting, and they did. . . beyond my expectations.Before this unit was donated, over the years, I had purchased several department store CD players, which all broke after a relatively short time, now we are beginning a new ministry in a juvenile detention center, and again need a boombox for playing worship music, and there was no doubt in my mind, as to which unit to buy, and so I have just purchased this for our new ministry.I do not mind spending money for quality. . . and this is truly a quality unit. 
13. Plus there's a large storage space in the back for the power plug (while using batteries), extra batteries, MP3 player, keys or whatever else you can fit.The power cord is a bit ridiculous being the wall wart transformer type instead of a straight power cord, but I can live with that.I LOVE THIS THING!
14. Plus there's a large storage space in the back for the power plug (while using batteries), extra batteries, MP3 player, keys or whatever else you can fit.The power cord is a bit ridiculous being the wall wart transformer type instead of a straight power cord, but I can live with that.I LOVE THIS THING!
15. :this edit 2/16/2012: i bought this 2 years ago cause i wanted a rugged radio to take to the lake and be able to take a beating. i was really impressed with how good the sound quality was and how loud it could get. put it outside and everyone can hear it even at parties. for awhile my friend used it in his vw bus cause he didnt have a radio in it. he just put it on the passenger seat or on the floor. its been dropped, fallen off shelves, shoved into a shelf and used as tv speakers. i lost the power cord for awhile and had to use batteries which lasted a long time on moderate volume. im sure beer has been spilled of it as well since its been to alot of parties. after all this the only thing thats broken is the the top antenna piece which isnt a big deal, i dont even know how that happened. other than that its got some scuffs and scrapes. the only gripe i have  is that when its bumped the cd skips (but does not scratch the disk.) and the lid doesnt close very securely, (can be opened with slight pressure on the sides) nothing alittle tape to hold it down cant fix. but since its most of the time out of the way of people its not a problem. so overall excellent boombox that will last a long time i just wish that for the money it could take hits without skipping
16. It cranks outside everyone can hear it, the batteries last a long time in it.. 
17. It has done all three on the same set of batteries - over 36 hours so far and still going.  
18. My preset stations did hold through a power disconnect with no batteries (although it was a short disconnect).Pros:Large simple easy to use controlsMP3 player with song and artist displayLarge size but light weight with no batteriesBig sound with Big bassVery long power cord (with a brick in it)Cons:Audio is some what muffled (not bad but I hoped for better)I would recommend this product.
19. Ashame because I thought the idea of the Dewalt tool batteries was great as I way to save on buying "D's".  
20. Loses station set/tuning if unplugged, even with batteries in it.3. 
21. Takes a lot of D-sized batteries that get eaten up pretty quick. 
22. It does not have an indicator to tell you how full the batteries are but it is still going strong on one charge.  
23. This unit literally sat in the snow for 4 days playing music from the radio for about 3 days on the same set of batteries and we pretty much left the thing on most of the day.  
24. And the batteries draw down from new to 1.2V way too soon, even with the volume at medium levels.  
25. I added to the weight with storing extra batteries in the large rear compartment (another plus, the storage compartment is big). 
26. You don't even need to extend the antenna most of the time #which is great because I'm always afraid of them getting broken off).The only "bad" thing is that it is HUGE, and with batteries in it, it's HEAVY. 
27. This is where it gets amazing - I have used the boombox on and off throughout this summer for radio and CD playing and I still have the same batteries in it!! 
28. It was turned on and turned up loud 100% of the day and late into the night playing CD's and the batteries lasted the entire time. 
29. First and foremost: we used this on Memorial Day weekend on batteries only, for 2 solid days and nights of canoeing and camping. 

negative sentences : 
1. I looked at the Dewalt, Rigid, Milwaukee and Bosch, to name a few, and all had items missing in my opinion.Dewalt: Too many folks said the unit powered the batteries down over a wknd of non use and the AA batteries died in a week killing the preset stations you create.  
2. Everyone asked how many batteries I had to bring (I did take an extra pack just incase - takes large and bulky D size# but I never once had to change them the entire weekend! 
3. Loud enough, Batteries are expensive but worth it. and so easy to use. 
4. I purchased 8 rechargeable D batteries and they seem to last at least 24 hours at a very loud volume. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : cd, positive Score : 87 and negative Score :-33
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I bought it as a present to my son after his boombox stopped playing CDs.AM/FM Radio: I have no complaints here- it picks up local radio stations and it is a good clear reception.CD Player:  I played a CD- no problems here too.Sound Quality:  I was a bit disappointed with the sound quality of the boombox because the old boombox was more pleasant to ear than the new one. 
2. I love the fact that it plays MP3s.  1 cd will last us the entire day. 
3. I would recommend it but just know if your in AZ or anywhere really hot the CD top is gonna melt.  
4. Extremely easy to use.Excellent seal in CD tray. 
5. Sound quality is terrific and the CD's don't jump when the boombox is moved around.
6. The radio tuner is not as good (at least in my particular area) as the CD player, but this isn't the first radio to behave this way in this location.If you want one that'll play CD's, this is the one for you.  
7. If it's as sturdy as it is big & heavy, it'll be a tank of a boombox.The sound quality is good with CD's.  
8. I wanted a heavy-duty type, battery capable boombox capable of playing CD's.  
9. The CD player produces a better quality of sound than the radio does but that could be due to the crappy radio stations where I live.This device has a large footprint. 
10. Has good sound quality and a secure CD compartment. 
11. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a sturdy CD player for a child or handicapped person.
12. The CD player still works great. 
13. I can throw on a cd full of mp3's and listen for hours and hours without hearing the same old stuff and not have to change the disk.A little bit larger than the DeWalt jobsite radio, but all in all I am very happy that I bought this unit!
14. i was limited to my choices of a rugged boombox with a cd player.my dad goes through a boombox every year due to weather related issues and what-not.although the true test will be through the summer, this box puts out some good quality sound.it has preset buttons which is nice and although it is large, it is not heavy, which is also nice.
15. He likes the rubber operating buttons and the sturdy latch for the CD player. 
16. I would definitely recommend this to anyone that needs a strong radio/cd player that may be in an outdoor or wet environment.
17. SonicStage and ATRAC is this great CDR burning program that let's you burn up to about 33 hours of music onto one CDR, be it, all your MP3's and/or all your regular CD's.  
18. I believe that Sony discontinued this wonderful CDR playback program but I've still got all my ATRAC CDR's and I need to make sure that I'll always have a unit to play them on.I've started using SonicStage when I've bought my first Sony CD boombox called the ZS-XN30 which I use at work because I love not having to change my CD's that play all week long.  
19. I never play my other regular CD's anymore except on my regular stereo at home.Well, I sent this unit back because although it says that it comes with the SonicStage set-up disc for your computer, and it says that it plays ATRAC CDR's, but the fact is, IT DOES NOT play them.  
20. Just the same - the black CD lid melted like a Dali painting !!!  
21. I think I'll just feed a regular discman into our patio system for now.What I'll end up using this for is working in the garage, yard work, etc or maybe going car camping.PRO'S:-  It's built like a tank and has an attempt at water "resistance" (gaskets over input ports, large beveled top cover flap for CD player.-  Probably one of the last of the rugged players that still has a CD player in it.-  It will play CD-RWs and MP3s.  
22. I could not carry replacement batteries with me, so it was important to be able to depend upon the batteries lasting, and they did. . . beyond my expectations.Before this unit was donated, over the years, I had purchased several department store CD players, which all broke after a relatively short time, now we are beginning a new ministry in a juvenile detention center, and again need a boombox for playing worship music, and there was no doubt in my mind, as to which unit to buy, and so I have just purchased this for our new ministry.I do not mind spending money for quality. . . and this is truly a quality unit. 
23. On a weekly basis I played CD's for at least 30 minutes, and the batteries lasted for months of use.  
24. I have used this CD player/Boombox on a weekly basis for years in my jail ministry. 
25. In the usual, horizontal position the CD player has adequate esp though. 
26. The closure mechanism for the CD player is solid. 
27. They are not kidding about this thing being heavy duty for a plastic unit.If you are looking for a mp3 cd boombox to bring to the park, this is the unit to get. 
28. Wished it had a cd player but I already knew it didn't when I bought it.
29. The handle feels very solid and the lid on the CD player also feels good.  
30. I didn't try the radio or MP3 function, but as a CD player - it is easy to use and fills my music room with sound - something NONE of the other players I considered would have been able to do.  
31. After many years of fine service, my 2003 Emerson CD player started malfunctioning under the strain of this new teaching assignment and I needed a new player - FAST.  
32. Also, the dustproof housing certainly does its job - with all kinds of dust and debris flying around, a normal CD player would be down for the count quickly. 
33. any carpenter worth his salt will tell you the most important tool on the job is the sound system.the last sony i had was the called the outback and it worked up to standards and is the reason i bought sony again.zs-h10cp puts out great sound but has in my opinion two serious flaws#1 is the cord is not hard-wired and very delicate#2 is the dust / water seal and latch on the cd is very poorother than those two issues i am very satisfiedsteve from santa barbara ca.
34. Also Its hard to find heavy duty contractor-style radios with a CD player,a definite plus. 
35. The locking CD door is really nice because dust/dirt finds its way into everything here in New Mexico...it sucks! 
36. I read in the reviews that this CD radio/boombox was big, but I ordered it anyway(!) 
37. I have a &#34;Special Needs',adult daughter that used to 'go through' CD players on a weekly bases.  
38. I feel confident that my son could drop this off our roof, and it would keep on going.All in all, I would highly recommend this for a work shop, etc, or anyone looking for a straight forward, easy to use CD player.
39. It's a Sony, so it's straight forward functionally, has Bass Boost (which really takes me back to the days of CD players, for some reason), basic programming, and gets really loud without distorting. 
40. I wanted something that he could run his PSP into, if he wanted to play music that way, but also have a heavy duty, radio/CD player, since he has been digging through a lot of my old CDs recently. 
41. Fairly decent (not great) reception both AM and FM.4 Decent CD player that plays mp3 CD-R disc.Now the con's ...1. 
42. sturdy, cd player has "seal" to keep out dust.  
43. CD player great at work,i can clearly hear the music an the mega bass adds the boom.Don't use am/fm much.
44. It has a CD player, which most work site radios don't have, and an external input port.  
45. Saying that I really like this beautiful red radio - CD player.  
46. On a classics station, commercials from nearby stations were *really* noticable when they came on.There was actually another problem with my particular sample, which is that it arrived with a faulty display (didn't have all the segments working in the rightmost character/number), but I could have lived with that.The sound quality might be pretty good for CD's, MP3's and other clean sources, but I bought this specifically for the radio, and that part stinks (both AM and FM were plagued with this problem).  
47. The fact that the unit can play mp3's burned to a CD is an added plus and I didn't know it did that until it arrived.  
48. We just received it and yes, it 's a BIG system, don 't expect it to be skinny, it 's not.I read a lot of reviews so I 'm not going in detail to much, it 's a great radio, cd system & it looks cool!
49. It has terrific sound, works great as a stand alone, with an mp3 player or with a mic and as a remote CD unit for our gym's speaker system.
50. You control everything by pressing rubber coated buttons and the CD lid snaps tightly shut. 
51. And the CD player top seems flimsy. 
52. Looking for a new CD portable now is quite a task as they just don't make em' like they used to. 
53. I've listened with her - both CD's of various genre and radio. 
54. It gets much louder when playing a CD or the radio.But great purchase, it still works great!
55. Very few portable radios play both CD's and MP3's. 
56. The cd player is still going strong.  
57. I have have hooked up my Ipod as well through the AUX input.It sounds good, seems very durable, I have played a few CD's on it, but mostly use the radio or satelite radio.I don't have any complaints.
58. I use it while working in a factory, so I play cd's most of the time. 
59. The Boombox has great sound with CD's or MP3's, but it lacks in picking up radio staion signals well. 
60. no more trips to the CD player every 80 minutes!  
61. after owning 3 other sub $50 boomboxes over the past few years i finally took the plunge and bought a real jobsite radio/CD player.  
62. However, I would hesitate to use the ZS-H10CP's aux input out on a boat, camping or anywhere else where my Fuze or the boombox's aux input port could be damaged.This brings us to my only issue for CD players that are capable of playing MP3 files, they should be updated to run MP3 DVDs. 
63. AWSOME sound, fast track-to-track navigation in both MP3 and plain cd, very durable construction and pretty light for it's size. the only downside to this product is it DOES NOT come with the software stated. you must download that directly from Sony.
64. The speakers are large mid range size. they do play bass well, but they are not sup woofers. don't expect too much. the speakers start do distort the sound when playing a song with a lot of bass at full volume. but you can't expect perfect sound from something you can carry around.in conclusion, this is the perfect boom box. sounds good; can play radio, cd, and mp3; its not to heavy; and its built to last.
65. CD's sound great, and you can program so many radio channels. 
66. There are a few cd's that I would have liked to listen to louder but it really doesn't matter. 
67. It is probably my fault but I also cannot find the ability to shuffle play as indicated in the specifications on Amazon.com.Compared to anything else out there considered a rugged boombox with CD/MP3 playback, this is the best buy but only because of the lack of anything else competing with it.  
68. When the batteries get down to about 1.2 V (from 1.5 v new), the radio works fine but the CD player will cause an overdraw on the batteries with the result that the unit turns off.  
69. Unfortunately, the storage compartment is just a fraction of an inch too small to hold CD cases.  
70. I recently purchased the sony boombox, the sound is ok, Im content with that and the way everything is placed, but a real problem is the cd player, after only playing approximately 5 cds it has started to skip randomly. 

negative sentences : 
1. I have ownwd many cd boomboxes in my time and this one is as good or better than any of them.  
2. Did not have good reception for radio, cd deck stopped working within the first year and now power will not stay on. 
3. very heavy to take to my classes - - -rather complicated to use - can't seem to advance to another CD - not real happy with it considering the price, etc.
4. Most all of the jobsite radios on the market dont have a CD player and cost more than the Sony. 
5. Regardless of whether you're using the Aux In port, CD player, or radio receiver, the sound is great.Cons:-Inconvenient button/dial placement: Given that the radio is almost out of reach for some of our staff, having the volume knob on top of the unit is a bit troublesome. 
6. Most every class uses the CD player - some more than others.  
7. I really like Sony's idea to have the sides of the box be flat(the red hexagons on either side)so that you can pick it up from the side handle and stand it upright to save space(quickly and easily--even with 6 D batteries in it, this thing isn't a chore to lift unless you happen to be a 12 year old girl with stick arms).Complaints(time to whine):While the "stand upright" function is a huge plus for me, Sony put a big dent in that functionality by putting a CD player in the unit that has VERY bad esp(shock/bump protection); so bad in fact that it's impossible to play a CD in it while in the upright position or it skips frantically with the slightest movement(in my case this movement was having the volume up to the high 3 setting w/ mega bass off...not very loud at all). 
8. Neither of my car decks take this long, neither do either of my 3 Panasonic CD transports (discman type, home theater and older DVD/CD player) nor my Sharp home CD player.-  Sonically it's not "sumptuous", or warm or whatever that indescribable "audio comfort food" satisfaction level is.  
9. Neither of my car decks take this long, neither do either of my 3 Panasonic CD transports (discman type, home theater and older DVD/CD player) nor my Sharp home CD player.-  Sonically it's not "sumptuous", or warm or whatever that indescribable "audio comfort food" satisfaction level is.  
10. I've had a couple of different CD players I use either in the shop or while gardening.  
11. I had been searching for a portable CD player with AM/FM tuner that could also play MP3 CDs with R/RW compatibility and a line in jack for my ipod and NO "space wasting" tape player.I didn't think I would find anything close to that since all I was seeing in the stores were cheap plasticy cd players with wimpy speakers, or high priced one-trick-pony boom boxes for ipods only.I wanted something that would crank for a fair price! 
12. I had been searching for a portable CD player with AM/FM tuner that could also play MP3 CDs with R/RW compatibility and a line in jack for my ipod and NO "space wasting" tape player.I didn't think I would find anything close to that since all I was seeing in the stores were cheap plasticy cd players with wimpy speakers, or high priced one-trick-pony boom boxes for ipods only.I wanted something that would crank for a fair price! 
13. CD player seems to skip on many Cd's, but it could be the CD's.  
14. CD cover melted and cant use CD's.  
15. CD cover melted and cant use CD's.  
16. It plays home made mp3 cd's well . but the radio is pretty much useless.
17. Replaced a previous heavy duty Sony radio/CD player that finally gave out.  
18. She wanted a portable CD player that was lightweight but durable to take her CD's from room to room as well as to the patio and garden. 
19. She wanted a portable CD player that was lightweight but durable to take her CD's from room to room as well as to the patio and garden. 
20. I have read all the one star ratings and we never used the radio on this unit to much, we strictly used the cd player and it was loud enough for our jobsites. 
21. He previously had a portable Memorex CD player/stereo that fell apart and wanted a replacement. 
22. However, with the cumbersome electrical cord, the cd player that doesn't clip the cds in place, the crappy metal antenna that broke on the second day of use, and the overly large size, this radio is a pain to use on a jobsite.  
23. The CD cover on both units warped. 
24. I actually wanted a more portable CD player but after reading multiple product reviews, I opted for this heavy-duty model and am not at all disappointed.  
25. The only reason I did not give this a full 5 star rating is that when connecting an MP3 player to the unit, which is one of the features I wanted most, the volume doesnt go as loud as will a CD or an MP3 CD.  
26. It is still pretty loud, but if there is other noises around it would be better if it would go as loud as when you play CD's.  
27. It always seems to be the same problem, dirt and grime gets into the CD lens or their greasy oily fingers ruins them. 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : unit, positive Score : 62 and negative Score :-32
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I'm thinking for this size of unit it ought to be awesome but the price is OK.-  The radio tuning seems to be "so so".  
2. So let's wrap it up: I spent $115 on the original unit from Amazon that worked for 3 months, $36 to get a refurbished unit that MAY work properly for an unknown period of time and about an hour of my time online and on the phone dealing with their warranty process. 
3. So much for buying a great name brand unit like Sony. 
4. Not bad sound for a unit with this size of speakers. 
5. It will likely do the same if the unit is kept in the sun, judging by other reviewers.I chased down the sony.con/support detailed on the enclosed warranty flyer, and after spending a solid hour+ with a Sony CSR, was referred to eservice.sony.com for one-year "warranty" work.  
6. My music sounds so great on this unit that I take it everywhere with me. 
7. I also liked that the transformer is an outside unit and the boombox even has a compartment where to put it. 
8. Time will tell how durable this unit is and that is the main point for me. 
9. I can throw on a cd full of mp3's and listen for hours and hours without hearing the same old stuff and not have to change the disk.A little bit larger than the DeWalt jobsite radio, but all in all I am very happy that I bought this unit!
10. The unit is much larger than we anticipated and the buttons can be a little confusing. 
11. It's a solid unit that'll stand up; to use on the beach.
12. I bought this unit for the specific purpose of having another Sony unit that plays my ATRAC3plus CDR's that I've made over the years through SonicStage that Sony created about 6 years ago.  
13. I do like that with the input jack you can use the unit as a small subwoofer box of sorts to plug into a TV for extra sound; I assume that you could even use the unit as a so-so PA system for events as well.In conclusion, Sony has a great product here, but they need to balance out the options more in order to truly make this the king of sport/worksite boomboxes. 
14. I do like that with the input jack you can use the unit as a small subwoofer box of sorts to plug into a TV for extra sound; I assume that you could even use the unit as a so-so PA system for events as well.In conclusion, Sony has a great product here, but they need to balance out the options more in order to truly make this the king of sport/worksite boomboxes. 
15. The pocket is a cool place for an mp3 player though; Sony has introduced some GREAT ideas with this unit, but they need to go the extra mile and take these ideas to their fullest potential. 
16. I'm using this unit in a harsh enviroment and it seems to be holding up well.The only downside fo this purchase was the $52 I was charged for shipping and handling.
17. They are not kidding about this thing being heavy duty for a plastic unit.If you are looking for a mp3 cd boombox to bring to the park, this is the unit to get. 
18. Also, when turned up to 6 or higher, this unit can really pump out some decibels. 
19. You get sound quality that you'd expect from a pricier unit for a modest amount of money. 
20. I bought this unit for the specific purpose of having another Sony unit that plays my ATRAC3plus CDR's that I've made over the years through SonicStage that Sony created about 6 years ago.  
21. Apart from the above considerations, the unit works as advertised.
22. Great unit, good looking, sturdy and well made.  
23. As heavy and large as this unit is, the AC adapter could (and should) have been built into the unit rather than having a large adapter external to the unit.  
24. The main reason for buying the first unit was the auxilary connection for using an external device.  
25. The unit has an excellent balance of sound as well; bass boost does its job without cutting out even near the maximum volume, the middle tones are clear and rich, and treble is crisp without any distortion. 
26. FM station rejection is OK in a huge market (Atlanta GA) where even my Alpine car unit has issues with strong near by stations. 
27. The music can be heard over the background fan noise for quite some distance from the unit.The unit supports external audio input from IPOD or other such device through a standard 1/8" plug. 
28. The music can be heard over the background fan noise for quite some distance from the unit.The unit supports external audio input from IPOD or other such device through a standard 1/8" plug. 
29. Unit supports independent station presets for both AM & FM. 
30. The fact that the unit can play mp3's burned to a CD is an added plus and I didn't know it did that until it arrived.  
31. It has terrific sound, works great as a stand alone, with an mp3 player or with a mic and as a remote CD unit for our gym's speaker system.
32. Although the unit itself has a nice rubbery coating, it just doesn't seem like it could take much outdoor exposure, unless it's somewhat protected from the elements.I have a small Tivo radio that can stand up to this puppy any day. 
33. If I could combine this unit with one of Sony's sub-woofer equipped boomboxes, this would be the perfect unit. 
34. To its credit the unit sounds great in general, and gets fairly loud without distortion. 
35. As heavy and large as this unit is, the AC adapter could (and should) have been built into the unit rather than having a large adapter external to the unit.  
36. As heavy and large as this unit is, the AC adapter could (and should) have been built into the unit rather than having a large adapter external to the unit.  
37. This seemed like the perfect unit to have outside.It does sound good, but build quality is dismal!  
38. I bought this unit a few days before a 4 day snow caving/camping trip (thanks Amazon for the fast shipping) mainly because the product description said it was water resistant.  
39. This is a very nice unit, heavy duty construction, but not overly cumbersome or heavy.  
40. If you want a decent unit as far as sound, the Sony CFD-G700CP is about a good as you're going to find these days and at the Sony outlet it cost 103.99 which is a bargain. 
41. My wife even commented that it doesn't sound like a normal dinky portable radio.I use this unit at the pool, in the garage, while cutting the grass, working outside, etc.Glad I went with this one.  
42. I really hope Sony comes up with a true hybrid of this unit and the CFDG505.
43. For most people this is a great heavy duty unit with quality sound. 

negative sentences : 
1. Since defective LCD displays are not covered, a repair quote will be sent to me, whereupon I can agree to it, have the unit returned to me unrepaired "for a nominal fee," or have the unit disposed of at their repair facility.A $120 crap shoot for this boombox, sorry.  
2. Go immediately to:[...] put in your model number and purchase date.A defective unit can only be processed through Sony's "Exchange" program, where refurbished boomboxes are swapped out.  
3. The only reason I did not give this a full 5 star rating is that when connecting an MP3 player to the unit, which is one of the features I wanted most, the volume doesnt go as loud as will a CD or an MP3 CD.  
4. The unit is heavier than I thought but it doesnn't feel especially sturdy. 
5. I bouhgt this unit to use in less than ideal environments (outside, garage, around wet or dusty environments).  
6. Since defective LCD displays are not covered, a repair quote will be sent to me, whereupon I can agree to it, have the unit returned to me unrepaired "for a nominal fee," or have the unit disposed of at their repair facility.A $120 crap shoot for this boombox, sorry.  
7. Regardless of whether you're using the Aux In port, CD player, or radio receiver, the sound is great.Cons:-Inconvenient button/dial placement: Given that the radio is almost out of reach for some of our staff, having the volume knob on top of the unit is a bit troublesome. 
8. I really like Sony's idea to have the sides of the box be flat(the red hexagons on either side)so that you can pick it up from the side handle and stand it upright to save space(quickly and easily--even with 6 D batteries in it, this thing isn't a chore to lift unless you happen to be a 12 year old girl with stick arms).Complaints(time to whine):While the "stand upright" function is a huge plus for me, Sony put a big dent in that functionality by putting a CD player in the unit that has VERY bad esp(shock/bump protection); so bad in fact that it's impossible to play a CD in it while in the upright position or it skips frantically with the slightest movement(in my case this movement was having the volume up to the high 3 setting w/ mega bass off...not very loud at all). 
9. The AC plug is bulky and BARELY can be crammed into the little storage pocket in the back of the unit(which many reviewers here made out to be much larger than it actually is). 
10. We have never been disappointed by having to go without music due to the unit malfunctioning.In one part of the jail where I have held my meetings, in the medical unit recreation room, there are no power outlets, so I had to rely upon the (6) D size batteries to run the CD player.  
11. We have never been disappointed by having to go without music due to the unit malfunctioning.In one part of the jail where I have held my meetings, in the medical unit recreation room, there are no power outlets, so I had to rely upon the (6) D size batteries to run the CD player.  
12. This is not a small unit. 
13. It feels somewhat loose and like it will snap off at any moment.The unit itself is just a hard clunky plastic. 
14. As a result, sound quality toggles between mid-range-muffled, and mid-range-muffled-with-louder-bass- On our unit, the LCD display arrived dysfunctional: right-most digit was unreadable.Otherwise, the unit is sturdy and ruggedized, and the controls and ports are weatherized and easy to operate with gloves.  
15. Overall, I was very unhappy and am unhappy owning this unit.
16. Unfortunately the low power of the amp and the lack of a subwoofer makes the unit inferior to some of Sony's previous models for the purpose of listening to hip-hop, dance, and other bass heavy music. 
17. Based on the amount of modern music I listen to that utilizes extremely low frequencies, I find this unit unacceptable. 
18. I looked at the Dewalt, Rigid, Milwaukee and Bosch, to name a few, and all had items missing in my opinion.Dewalt: Too many folks said the unit powered the batteries down over a wknd of non use and the AA batteries died in a week killing the preset stations you create.  
19. Low stars are because I haven't had it long enough to prove that wasn't just one bad unit (so could be upgraded later)...but if you find it for a good price it might be worth the risk. 
20. Since this box is no lightweight or compact unit to start with, I'm not sure why the transformer wasn't integrated into the box in the first place. 
21. I can get two days on a set of D batteries and do not need to crank up the generator unless we are cutting or grinding.The handle feels cheap - partially because the unit is so heavy and the transformer on the cord adapter is retarded.  
22. I have read all the one star ratings and we never used the radio on this unit to much, we strictly used the cd player and it was loud enough for our jobsites. 
23. - FM reception for such a costly unit much worse than that of cheaper radios, station for station.- Telescoping antenna is straight-up only; does not rotate in azimuth, or angle from horizontal to vertical.  
24. This necessitates heaving the entire heavy box around to improve the poor reception for some stations.- The power "brick" should have been built in to the unit; instead, a barely-adequate storage compartment is provided.  
25. As a result, sound quality toggles between mid-range-muffled, and mid-range-muffled-with-louder-bass- On our unit, the LCD display arrived dysfunctional: right-most digit was unreadable.Otherwise, the unit is sturdy and ruggedized, and the controls and ports are weatherized and easy to operate with gloves.  
26. We've not tested that.This is only such unit that I have seen that is Weather Proof/Resistant with Rubber Gaskets and Seals at every opening to the case.

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : player, positive Score : 80 and negative Score :-31
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Plus there's a large storage space in the back for the power plug (while using batteries), extra batteries, MP3 player, keys or whatever else you can fit.The power cord is a bit ridiculous being the wall wart transformer type instead of a straight power cord, but I can live with that.I LOVE THIS THING!
2. I bought this for the heavy-duty features and the MP3 player connectivity. 
3. My only snaffoo is when I walk in from the cold to the warm natatorium, the player can't read cds.  
4. This player has good sound, works great. 
5. Highly recommended if you need a rugged player with great sound, mp3 capabilities and line-in feature.  
6. I searched high and low for a product like this and seriously, this was the only one that had it all ... plays regular and mp3 CDs, AM/FM radio, line-in for any external player from laptops to mp3 players, no useless cassette player to get in the way and most importantly, it has GREAT sound; plenty of volume and bass response.  
7. I searched high and low for a product like this and seriously, this was the only one that had it all ... plays regular and mp3 CDs, AM/FM radio, line-in for any external player from laptops to mp3 players, no useless cassette player to get in the way and most importantly, it has GREAT sound; plenty of volume and bass response.  
8. good player for wet, dusty, rough and kids. 
9. Their sound was only good when you were close to the speakers but they had decent bass and sound for their size.The only reason I wanted this boombox was to use with my MP3 player outside and be able to hear it from at least 40 ft away. 
10. Prior to purchasing this boombox the only other option I had for taking my music outside was my MP3 player hooked up to battery powered speakers that ran on 4 AAA batteries. 
11. The seals around everything make me think it will outlast the last few radios.Good sound, MP3 player, radio presets are all good features.I rate it a buy.
12. Also, there's no saying for sure that keeping it away totally eliminates the issue - last night we took the Sony out on the patio while sitting at the firepit and we had his Lumia hooked up to it for music, set the Lumia as far away as the cord would reach on top of a little table and we still had interference issues randomly.We didn't try it with an actual iPod or mp3 player, but we did also use it with my Samsung S3 and still had the interference issue.The antenna doesn't feel secure. 
13. The radio tuner is not as good (at least in my particular area) as the CD player, but this isn't the first radio to behave this way in this location.If you want one that'll play CD's, this is the one for you.  
14. Easy to use, very sturdy, doesn't skip...perfect for someone looking for a more heavy duty player.
15. Also Its hard to find heavy duty contractor-style radios with a CD player,a definite plus. 
16. I bought it as a present to my son after his boombox stopped playing CDs.AM/FM Radio: I have no complaints here- it picks up local radio stations and it is a good clear reception.CD Player:  I played a CD- no problems here too.Sound Quality:  I was a bit disappointed with the sound quality of the boombox because the old boombox was more pleasant to ear than the new one. 
17. I think I'll just feed a regular discman into our patio system for now.What I'll end up using this for is working in the garage, yard work, etc or maybe going car camping.PRO'S:-  It's built like a tank and has an attempt at water "resistance" (gaskets over input ports, large beveled top cover flap for CD player.-  Probably one of the last of the rugged players that still has a CD player in it.-  It will play CD-RWs and MP3s.  
18. Someone donated this Sony player to the jail, and I along with other jail chaplains have used this player several times a week, Thinking back. . . it has been for almost 7 years now, that we have been using this.  
19. I have used this CD player/Boombox on a weekly basis for years in my jail ministry. 
20. The pocket is a cool place for an mp3 player though; Sony has introduced some GREAT ideas with this unit, but they need to go the extra mile and take these ideas to their fullest potential. 
21. In the usual, horizontal position the CD player has adequate esp though. 
22. The closure mechanism for the CD player is solid. 
23. Wished it had a cd player but I already knew it didn't when I bought it.
24. The handle feels very solid and the lid on the CD player also feels good.  
25. I didn't try the radio or MP3 function, but as a CD player - it is easy to use and fills my music room with sound - something NONE of the other players I considered would have been able to do.  
26. After many years of fine service, my 2003 Emerson CD player started malfunctioning under the strain of this new teaching assignment and I needed a new player - FAST.  
27. Also, the dustproof housing certainly does its job - with all kinds of dust and debris flying around, a normal CD player would be down for the count quickly. 
28. The CD player produces a better quality of sound than the radio does but that could be due to the crappy radio stations where I live.This device has a large footprint. 
29. For most usage, I think it has great sound quality and loudness.Finally, no ridiculous tape player.  
30. I feel confident that my son could drop this off our roof, and it would keep on going.All in all, I would highly recommend this for a work shop, etc, or anyone looking for a straight forward, easy to use CD player.
31. I wanted something that he could run his PSP into, if he wanted to play music that way, but also have a heavy duty, radio/CD player, since he has been digging through a lot of my old CDs recently. 
32. Fairly decent (not great) reception both AM and FM.4 Decent CD player that plays mp3 CD-R disc.Now the con's ...1. 
33. sturdy, cd player has "seal" to keep out dust.  
34. CD player great at work,i can clearly hear the music an the mega bass adds the boom.Don't use am/fm much.
35. It has a CD player, which most work site radios don't have, and an external input port.  
36. Saying that I really like this beautiful red radio - CD player.  
37. My preset stations did hold through a power disconnect with no batteries (although it was a short disconnect).Pros:Large simple easy to use controlsMP3 player with song and artist displayLarge size but light weight with no batteriesBig sound with Big bassVery long power cord (with a brick in it)Cons:Audio is some what muffled (not bad but I hoped for better)I would recommend this product.
38. It has terrific sound, works great as a stand alone, with an mp3 player or with a mic and as a remote CD unit for our gym's speaker system.
39. I think it is also good value for money.The controls are simple and there is a connection for an MP3 player. 
40. And the CD player top seems flimsy. 
41. I've been looking for a CD player that I can use outside, mostly to listen to recorded books, so it needs to be portable as I meander through the garden. 
42. I bought this to replace a very old Sony Portable player we used primarily in the backyard.  
43. I wanted a player usable in a personal wood working shop or a small outside area - with a usable radius of about 20 to 30 feet from the player.  
44. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a sturdy CD player for a child or handicapped person.
45. The CD player still works great. 
46. I looked around for a long time before finding this player.  
47. I love this MP3 player.  
48. i was limited to my choices of a rugged boombox with a cd player.my dad goes through a boombox every year due to weather related issues and what-not.although the true test will be through the summer, this box puts out some good quality sound.it has preset buttons which is nice and although it is large, it is not heavy, which is also nice.
49. He likes the rubber operating buttons and the sturdy latch for the CD player. 
50. I would definitely recommend this to anyone that needs a strong radio/cd player that may be in an outdoor or wet environment.
51. The cd player is still going strong.  
52. When the batteries get down to about 1.2 V (from 1.5 v new), the radio works fine but the CD player will cause an overdraw on the batteries with the result that the unit turns off.  
53. It is very good, but could really stand to be updated to make it a perfect niche player.
54. I recently purchased the sony boombox, the sound is ok, Im content with that and the way everything is placed, but a real problem is the cd player, after only playing approximately 5 cds it has started to skip randomly. 
55. after owning 3 other sub $50 boomboxes over the past few years i finally took the plunge and bought a real jobsite radio/CD player.  
56. no more trips to the CD player every 80 minutes!  

negative sentences : 
1. It looks and feels though, and though I have used it for language teaching so far, I liked the fact of having the entire language course tracks on mp3 through the audio input of this player. 
2. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for portable sound for their MP3 player.
3. The only reason I did not give this a full 5 star rating is that when connecting an MP3 player to the unit, which is one of the features I wanted most, the volume doesnt go as loud as will a CD or an MP3 CD.  
4. CD player seems to skip on many Cd's, but it could be the CD's.  
5. Most all of the jobsite radios on the market dont have a CD player and cost more than the Sony. 
6. Regardless of whether you're using the Aux In port, CD player, or radio receiver, the sound is great.Cons:-Inconvenient button/dial placement: Given that the radio is almost out of reach for some of our staff, having the volume knob on top of the unit is a bit troublesome. 
7. Most every class uses the CD player - some more than others.  
8. I just listend to this device at "hhgregg" and played 2 of my TEST CDs - one steel drum and one classical (distinctly different acoustic demands): this device played both as a cheap, tinny $20 player from the cheapest distributor would.  
9. First I bought Insigna's cheap little white "sport" player that had an interesting design but worthless sound quality and output. 
10. Neither of my car decks take this long, neither do either of my 3 Panasonic CD transports (discman type, home theater and older DVD/CD player) nor my Sharp home CD player.-  Sonically it's not "sumptuous", or warm or whatever that indescribable "audio comfort food" satisfaction level is.  
11. Neither of my car decks take this long, neither do either of my 3 Panasonic CD transports (discman type, home theater and older DVD/CD player) nor my Sharp home CD player.-  Sonically it's not "sumptuous", or warm or whatever that indescribable "audio comfort food" satisfaction level is.  
12. I actually wanted a more portable CD player but after reading multiple product reviews, I opted for this heavy-duty model and am not at all disappointed.  
13. However, with the cumbersome electrical cord, the cd player that doesn't clip the cds in place, the crappy metal antenna that broke on the second day of use, and the overly large size, this radio is a pain to use on a jobsite.  
14. *To connect Ipod (or other MP player) I useAurum Cables Car Stereo Ipod/mp3 Auxiliary Aux-in Input Cable 3.5mm (6 Ft/1.8m)@ $ 5.99 from Amazon - long enough & matching color (black/red)
15. Ok I took a lot of time searching for an affordable music player for my back yard BBQ 30 ppl. 
16. Replaced a previous heavy duty Sony radio/CD player that finally gave out.  
17. I  play  chess on  the  Iowa  State  University  Campus/  This  player  plays  just  right  to  entertain  and  not  be  a  pain.  
18. I can't comment on the CD player or any of the other features.  
19. She wanted a portable CD player that was lightweight but durable to take her CD's from room to room as well as to the patio and garden. 
20. I have read all the one star ratings and we never used the radio on this unit to much, we strictly used the cd player and it was loud enough for our jobsites. 
21. My player still works really good and it's never been cleaned, except for the ocasional blow off with the air hose.
22. Yeah I know then they wouldn't be called CD players but semantics aside let's get real, the cost difference between making a player that reads MP3s off of a DVD can't be that much more than a player that can read MP3 CDs and if need be who wouldn't spend a few bucks more to have a player that plays six to seven times more MP3s?
23. Yeah I know then they wouldn't be called CD players but semantics aside let's get real, the cost difference between making a player that reads MP3s off of a DVD can't be that much more than a player that can read MP3 CDs and if need be who wouldn't spend a few bucks more to have a player that plays six to seven times more MP3s?
24. He previously had a portable Memorex CD player/stereo that fell apart and wanted a replacement. 
25. I had been searching for a portable CD player with AM/FM tuner that could also play MP3 CDs with R/RW compatibility and a line in jack for my ipod and NO "space wasting" tape player.I didn't think I would find anything close to that since all I was seeing in the stores were cheap plasticy cd players with wimpy speakers, or high priced one-trick-pony boom boxes for ipods only.I wanted something that would crank for a fair price! 

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : boombox, positive Score : 93 and negative Score :-17
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. I bought it as a present to my son after his boombox stopped playing CDs.AM/FM Radio: I have no complaints here- it picks up local radio stations and it is a good clear reception.CD Player:  I played a CD- no problems here too.Sound Quality:  I was a bit disappointed with the sound quality of the boombox because the old boombox was more pleasant to ear than the new one. 
2. Definetly recommend this Boombox, Sony always makes a great, affordable product!
3. Lasts longer poolside than any other boombox I know of:  Most boomboxes last about 6 months poolside; in contrast, the two H10's lasted for more than two years of daily (Monday through Friday) use; then their CD players stopped working at about the same time.
4. The boombox sound works OK, but from the first day the LCD display has been suspect:  The right-most large digit has been truncated, and therefore unreadable.  
5. I wanted a sturdy boombox to use outside while working or playing and this fits that very nicely.  
6. The sony zs-H10CP at much less weight is a nice sounding simple boombox.
7. Large volume control and easy to use buttons on the zs-H10cp console make this boombox a pleasure to use. 
8. The large ac power cord can be an eyesore, but is needed to power this boombox up, or use 6 d-volt batteries. 
9. I bought a SONY because my last Sony Boombox lasted for a solid 8years and I dragged it all over and into different situations. 
10. Their sound was only good when you were close to the speakers but they had decent bass and sound for their size.The only reason I wanted this boombox was to use with my MP3 player outside and be able to hear it from at least 40 ft away. 
11. Prior to purchasing this boombox the only other option I had for taking my music outside was my MP3 player hooked up to battery powered speakers that ran on 4 AAA batteries. 
12. I am happy with my boombox so far and I would recommend one to anyone reading this review.
13. I also liked that the transformer is an outside unit and the boombox even has a compartment where to put it. 
14. I'm sure this Boombox will be around for some time.
15. This Boombox is the great! 
16. The boombox is very nice and easy to use. 
17. If it's as sturdy as it is big & heavy, it'll be a tank of a boombox.The sound quality is good with CD's.  
18. I now hear the nuances of my classical recordings (as though I were in my living room) but enjoy the beauty of my backyard bordering on a forest .. and I suspect that there are several birds who stop by, perching on the pines; apparently Chopin's Ballades have lured them.Since I use my outdoor living room all year round (I live in the Northeast), I am counting on Amazon's description of the boombox to be accurate ... 
19. I believe that Sony discontinued this wonderful CDR playback program but I've still got all my ATRAC CDR's and I need to make sure that I'll always have a unit to play them on.I've started using SonicStage when I've bought my first Sony CD boombox called the ZS-XN30 which I use at work because I love not having to change my CD's that play all week long.  
20. I don't understand how anyone can complain about this box not being loud enough, it's a boombox not full size home stereo system.  
21. I bought it as a present to my son after his boombox stopped playing CDs.AM/FM Radio: I have no complaints here- it picks up local radio stations and it is a good clear reception.CD Player:  I played a CD- no problems here too.Sound Quality:  I was a bit disappointed with the sound quality of the boombox because the old boombox was more pleasant to ear than the new one. 
22. I would bet the design was based on real life "field data" versus what someone thought would be nice for a heavy duty boombox.  
23. I was just in for a surprise on the negative side when I found out that this boombox lacks remote control function, something very easy to build into the system.  
24. Make and market a rugged HD Radio boombox WITH A CD player!! 
25. This Boombox holds its own! 
26. I have used this CD player/Boombox on a weekly basis for years in my jail ministry. 
27. Although we had read the reviews mentioning that this boombox is big, we were surprised at how big it really is!  
28. Thanks for refusing to let the water resistant, portable boombox become extinct, Sony--it's moves like this that will keep you in the game with your competitors.
29. So far...pretty good.First off, unless all you've experienced from the boombox world has been the little shelf units or the dinky ipod docks, this thing really isn't THAT huge. 
30. I returned it after one day and found this hexagonal machine here, so I figured I'd give it a try since I owned the red & black sport boombox that Sony had out around the mid-00s. 
31. So basically, Sony is the only company out there now that makes a decent all-around & affordable "sport/worksite" boombox that's worth anyone's time. 
32. They are not kidding about this thing being heavy duty for a plastic unit.If you are looking for a mp3 cd boombox to bring to the park, this is the unit to get. 
33. This boombox has a great sound and really durable build quality. 
34. All in all, it is a sturdy, well-built, and good-looking  boombox that seems to be exactly what I was looking for. 
35. While this would have put a normal boombox out of commission, the ZSH10CP took the hit like a champ. 
36. This boombox is attractive, well made, has beautiful sound and the batteries last a long time. 
37. I wanted a heavy-duty type, battery capable boombox capable of playing CD's.  
38. Probably why it's now called a "heavy duty" boombox.
39. There is a little piece of rubber which fits over the input jack that's separate and easy to loose, which wouldn't be replaceable.This boombox has also accepted any CD I've burned or my friends have given me. 
40. this is the best pool side boombox. 
41. Great boombox!
42. Overall, a pretty darned good boombox. 
43. However, it's the only boombox I can use in the pool area at my health club. 
44. Bought this heavy-duty boombox from an Amazon fulfillment distributor. 
45. If you want a subwoofer equipped boombox at almost the same price as this, look for the Sony CFDG505. 
46. True boombox.Would be perfect if it was a little smaller, but the casing is extremely sturdy and tolerant of bad environments.Great for trips to the beach.
47. Love the boombox and it works great!  
48. This Sony boombox is awesome. 
49. we got this boombox for outdoor bbq's. 
50. I read a lot of reviews about this boombox and it is very sturdy and sounds great.  
51. I purchased this to replace the small and terribly inadequate boombox being used.  
52. Kids love it, it feels sturdy and it is another toy where they will fight for.Sound quality is far more better than I thought, we used to have a 5yr old Sony boombox, this one is by far the better one.Quality is great, I don 't expect trouble with this one. 
53. Although it is heavy to handle or transport once in place this boombox gives great sound. 
54. I use this boombox for my aquatic classes. 
55. I read in the reviews that this CD radio/boombox was big, but I ordered it anyway(!) 
56. Best sounding boombox I've owned (though all my past boomboxes were cheapies).Sure, it's not "water-proof" but I daresay you would have to submerge the thing or pour water directly into it to damage it.  
57. If they put a rubberized, bendable antenna on this thing it would be the perfect boombox.  
58. It's the most expensive boombox I've ever bought (I'm a cheapskate), but I got tired of replacing my cheap boomboxes after they broke and having to listen to them at half volume because of awful sound and distortion.  
59. I have it plugged into AC and will most likely never put a battery in it.My review:This radio/boombox has slightly over average sound quality. 
60. I looked at all the boombox reviews for a good model and this model has the best reviews, and was happy to find it here on Amazon at an amazingly low price. 
61. A very accurate description of this boombox.  
62. i was limited to my choices of a rugged boombox with a cd player.my dad goes through a boombox every year due to weather related issues and what-not.although the true test will be through the summer, this box puts out some good quality sound.it has preset buttons which is nice and although it is large, it is not heavy, which is also nice.
63. i was limited to my choices of a rugged boombox with a cd player.my dad goes through a boombox every year due to weather related issues and what-not.although the true test will be through the summer, this box puts out some good quality sound.it has preset buttons which is nice and although it is large, it is not heavy, which is also nice.
64. Overall this is a terrific boombox and I am glad I decided on this one. 
65. The Sony Radio Boombox has great sound quality.  
66. :this edit 2/16/2012: i bought this 2 years ago cause i wanted a rugged radio to take to the lake and be able to take a beating. i was really impressed with how good the sound quality was and how loud it could get. put it outside and everyone can hear it even at parties. for awhile my friend used it in his vw bus cause he didnt have a radio in it. he just put it on the passenger seat or on the floor. its been dropped, fallen off shelves, shoved into a shelf and used as tv speakers. i lost the power cord for awhile and had to use batteries which lasted a long time on moderate volume. im sure beer has been spilled of it as well since its been to alot of parties. after all this the only thing thats broken is the the top antenna piece which isnt a big deal, i dont even know how that happened. other than that its got some scuffs and scrapes. the only gripe i have  is that when its bumped the cd skips (but does not scratch the disk.) and the lid doesnt close very securely, (can be opened with slight pressure on the sides) nothing alittle tape to hold it down cant fix. but since its most of the time out of the way of people its not a problem. so overall excellent boombox that will last a long time i just wish that for the money it could take hits without skipping
67. This boombox was a perfect fit for our water aerobics' classes that we hold.  
68. The Boombox has great sound with CD's or MP3's, but it lacks in picking up radio staion signals well. 
69. As others have said this boombox is pretty huge.  
70. It is probably my fault but I also cannot find the ability to shuffle play as indicated in the specifications on Amazon.com.Compared to anything else out there considered a rugged boombox with CD/MP3 playback, this is the best buy but only because of the lack of anything else competing with it.  
71. The reception is bad on some channels, but great boombox!
72. I can't see that Amazon has included battery info. one way or the other.This is truly an Industrial Strength boombox - extremely rugged. 
73. This one ought to last.It is significantly larger than the average portable boombox, so pay attention to the dimensions and weight to see if it's a fit for you.The only weak spot is the antenna, which my daughter managed to break the first day. 
74. I recently purchased the sony boombox, the sound is ok, Im content with that and the way everything is placed, but a real problem is the cd player, after only playing approximately 5 cds it has started to skip randomly. 
75. This is a good boombox for those of us who are looking for a simple yet sturdy system to play our music. 

negative sentences : 
1. I purchased this boombox because I wanted a loud, durable and portable boombox. 
2. I purchased this boombox because I wanted a loud, durable and portable boombox. 
3. I bought this boombox because I am a dance instructor and I wanted a portable boombox, with some decent bass, that would survive being used heavily, banged around, and left in my trunk in the heat, etc.  
4. It's almost twice the size of my previous Sony boombox. 
5. This boombox is such a disappointment. 
6. Honestly, as far as the ruggedness, it seems no better than any other typical boombox.The final issue is the large powerblock on the cord. 
7. Was hard to find just a portable boombox. 
8. This Radio/Boombox is as tough as they said it would be and the sound is as promised. 
9. A slight exaggeration, but the boombox stays clean and healthy!  
10. Got the boombox in less time then they had told me. 
11. I read all the previous reviews before ordering this boombox and didn't worry too much about the few that mentioned poor reception.  
12. That eats up battery life in a boombox, usually, but not with this one.Really, if you are looking for an all-purpose boombox to lug to the beach or pool, keep in the shop, or listen to while grilling or whatever, I don't think you could do better for this price.  
13. Its a basic boombox that is not complicated.  
14. This boombox is no good as a radio. 
15. Other than the boombox being somewhat cumbersome to lug back & forth to the health club, I am very satisfied with it's performance thus far.
16. I usually plug my iPod in and the sound has been very good (maybe even better) with that.I have not tried to use this with radio, since radio is dead where I live (thanks Clear Channel).This boombox is considered portable, but it's built like a tank, weighs as much as a tank and a tank might even be smaller. 
17.   : )--------- UPDATE --------  late summer 2011I had this boombox out on my back deck on a mid-90 degree fahrenheit day.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : sound, positive Score : 225 and negative Score :-26
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. Solid literally in the sturdy case, but solid also in sound and design.  
2. For most usage, I think it has great sound quality and loudness.Finally, no ridiculous tape player.  
3. Needed an outdoor sound system that still played CD's, this will cover it.Looking forward to the Summer in Buffalo.
4. The speakers sound good even at higher volumes. 
5. Remember to always keep your device volume at about 70-80% and use the portable stereo volume adjustment after that, otherwise in my experience you start to get some pretty serious distortion in the sound.  
6. Great that you can leave the AC adapter (included) at home when going to the beach, making it a little lighter.So - well built gear, great sound, easy to handle (big wheel for volume, nice buttons at the side) combined with very good radio reception: FIVE stars without a blink & highly recommended.
7. The sound is outstanding~~good radio reception, too. 
8. I can not complain about the radio reception, it picks up the local stations with no static.The only negative thing I can say about it is that the sound could be better. 
9. Although it is heavy to handle or transport once in place this boombox gives great sound. 
10. Nice sound and quite rugged since it stays outside 24/7.
11. The sound quality & projection works well in our environment. 
12. It has terrific sound, works great as a stand alone, with an mp3 player or with a mic and as a remote CD unit for our gym's speaker system.
13. Actually quite bigger than I thought and has a great sound!  
14. The sound is also great, even without the mega bass feature enabled.  
15. Great tone/sound, good volume, many features. 
16. Good sound and solid construction. 
17. I did not purchase it for thanks from other class members but everyone was so happy with the improved sound that I received more recognition than I wanted or deserved.  
18. Sound is rich with Mega Bass engaged. 
19. Sound is clear with very good stereo separation through out the volume range, which can reach quite loud, yet retains sound clarity.In Radio mode, FM tuning includes the Even Frequencies (unused in the U.S.) 
20. Sound is clear with very good stereo separation through out the volume range, which can reach quite loud, yet retains sound clarity.In Radio mode, FM tuning includes the Even Frequencies (unused in the U.S.) 
21. Clear, rich sound with very good stereo separation. 
22. It only lasted a few months and then the sound would not work on AM or FM. 
23. My preset stations did hold through a power disconnect with no batteries (although it was a short disconnect).Pros:Large simple easy to use controlsMP3 player with song and artist displayLarge size but light weight with no batteriesBig sound with Big bassVery long power cord (with a brick in it)Cons:Audio is some what muffled (not bad but I hoped for better)I would recommend this product.
24. On a classics station, commercials from nearby stations were *really* noticable when they came on.There was actually another problem with my particular sample, which is that it arrived with a faulty display (didn't have all the segments working in the rightmost character/number), but I could have lived with that.The sound quality might be pretty good for CD's, MP3's and other clean sources, but I bought this specifically for the radio, and that part stinks (both AM and FM were plagued with this problem).  
25. Not so good with home made raps not enough sound and bass but its alright my little portable speaker kinda sound the same
26. Not so good with home made raps not enough sound and bass but its alright my little portable speaker kinda sound the same
27. The unit has an excellent balance of sound as well; bass boost does its job without cutting out even near the maximum volume, the middle tones are clear and rich, and treble is crisp without any distortion. 
28. While true audiophiles may thumb their nose at something this 'basic', it's absolutely the perfect sound system to bring camping, canoeing, or hiking.
29. *UPDATE*A year and a half after buying this, an overzealous pyromaniac friend of mine threw a large piece of furniture on the fire at which this boombox is a fixture, and the high heat warped the LCD display panel and the CD door, and it stopped working. 10 or so hours later I tried it again, and not only is it still up to the same standard of producing sound, the LCD still displays the correct information! 
30. Only had it a couple weeks. use it in my work space.. good sound deep base. solid built. looks like it could take a beating. dont care for red color but its just for music in my shop.  . 
31. It has a wonderful sound and made really well,just like the other Sony produts I have purchased. 
32. The sound is fabulous - loud or soft.  
33. it's not very loud and doesn't sound as good as systems 2/3 its price.  
34. The sound is good. 
35. It has a nice sound and looks sturdy. 
36. I selected this because it had a line in for Ipod and because I thought it might have a larger sound and be more durable.  
37. The sound is awesome for our lanai, and we can hook up the I pod and off we go with non-stop music while floating in the pool on Sunday afternoon
38. Good sound, powerful, really rugged and well built like most SONY products, and I love the MP3 jack.  
39. Sound is very good.  
40. My old sound system, which was given to me as a gift, died suddenly and I needed a replacement. 
41. I don't listen to a lot of music but when I do it's often used as "white noise" or for meditation; often classical, soft and melodic -- therefore I needed the sound to be very clean and clear to pick up subtleties.Prompted feedback re sound on this Sony, which all came back favorably. 
42. (LOL) It's much bigger than I imagined but this sporty music machine passes my discriminating sound test with five stars and has oodles of functionality, which I love! 
43. It does a great job of "pushing" sound - you can hear it clearly from a long way off and yet you aren't utterly deafened standing close to it. 
44. Standard bass sound even when 'mega bass' button is pushed.  
45. Thanks Sony this is super a boom box that has a great sound i just  love the audio  in hookup the preset station works great  good for my money!
46. For most people this is a great heavy duty unit with quality sound. 
47. MegaBass makes this larger than normal speakers sound great.  
48. My wife even commented that it doesn't sound like a normal dinky portable radio.I use this unit at the pool, in the garage, while cutting the grass, working outside, etc.Glad I went with this one.  
49. Awesome sound. 
50. This Sony boom box has great sound and bass.  
51. Its power cord is even big, its a cord with a huge block attached with no purpose making it more heavy. i purchased with in the last five month some time and its already loosing more sound quality. 
52. This went right back in the box when I discovered the tuner is absolute junk.I was able to tune in one or two stations very clearly and the sound quality was good.  
53. The sound is excellent. 
54. Very happy with the sound.  
55. it has great sound and is very durable.  
56. This is sturdy enough for boys and has a good rich sound. 
57. It has fantastic sound quality and tremendous reception. 
58. The strength of this product is it's sound and apparent durability; the glaring weakness is its tuner. 
59. (I guess if you're used to an IPOD yeah....)The sound is OK, but isn't really very impressive and if you were to drop this thing even a couple of feet, forget about durabilty! 
60. If you want a decent unit as far as sound, the Sony CFD-G700CP is about a good as you're going to find these days and at the Sony outlet it cost 103.99 which is a bargain. 
61. Great sound, love the feature that allows me to plug in my ipod. 
62. If you want an Industrial BOOM BOX with great sound then this is the radio for you. 
63. The sound is good--the MegaBass feature could use a little more "oomph," though.  
64. It needed to have a full robust sound to punch through the outdoor noises of our urban neighborhood but still be responsive and clear at lower volume levels indoors. 
65. It certainly exceeded my expectations and we are both happy with the sound quality and durable construction while remaining lightweight.
66. Easy to use and work with, and outstanding sound. 
67. I own a bose acoustic wave portable, and this comes close to the sound quality of the bose.
68. I prefer the type of systems that bose, logitech, and eagletech make with separated base and treble. my best sound system is a set of big speakers on a stereo receiver. 
69. The speakers are large mid range size. they do play bass well, but they are not sup woofers. don't expect too much. the speakers start do distort the sound when playing a song with a lot of bass at full volume. but you can't expect perfect sound from something you can carry around.in conclusion, this is the perfect boom box. sounds good; can play radio, cd, and mp3; its not to heavy; and its built to last.
70. CD's sound great, and you can program so many radio channels. 
71. A built in transformer would have been too easy to do, what is another 1/2 pound when the transformer on the chord is stored in the secret compartment anyway.The sound is much better than the Bosch box even though the Bosch box looks way more cool.  
72. This thing is a monster in both size and sound.Trust me, the size will surprise you.  
73. It's the most expensive boombox I've ever bought (I'm a cheapskate), but I got tired of replacing my cheap boomboxes after they broke and having to listen to them at half volume because of awful sound and distortion.  
74. The box has pretty good sound and was perfect for my 11 year old grandson. 
75. Sound quality is excellent.
76. Sound was great.  
77. This seemed like the perfect unit to have outside.It does sound good, but build quality is dismal!  
78. It has crystal clear sound and you can really crank it up.  
79. Sound is great also, easy to use and my wife loves it. 
80. The sound quality is excellent from the audio-in. 
81. I have to take it to aerobic classes and it has great sound and when it is turned up loud it doesn't vibrate. 
82. I recently purchased the sony boombox, the sound is ok, Im content with that and the way everything is placed, but a real problem is the cd player, after only playing approximately 5 cds it has started to skip randomly. 
83. Good sound, rugged construction.  
84. AWSOME sound, fast track-to-track navigation in both MP3 and plain cd, very durable construction and pretty light for it's size. the only downside to this product is it DOES NOT come with the software stated. you must download that directly from Sony.
85. Great sound and sturdy. 
86. The sound is adequate and I like the aux input feature; as I write this I am home with my SanDisk Sensa 8GB Fuze plugged in and running my MP3 collection. 
87. It is a little bigger than my other one but it also has a better sound.
88. and this sony really does sound good.  
89. The Boombox has great sound with CD's or MP3's, but it lacks in picking up radio staion signals well. 
90. Great sound and impressive looks.  
91. Excellent sound and bass.  
92. #2 - Impressive sound quality. 
93. The radio function is excellent and the sound is great.
94. I wanted full sound and the Mega Bass function supplies that and the option to turn it off allows you to crank it up with NO distortion. 
95. Anyone looking for a higher quality sound system that is portable and can take some abuse...buy this one! 
96. :this edit 2/16/2012: i bought this 2 years ago cause i wanted a rugged radio to take to the lake and be able to take a beating. i was really impressed with how good the sound quality was and how loud it could get. put it outside and everyone can hear it even at parties. for awhile my friend used it in his vw bus cause he didnt have a radio in it. he just put it on the passenger seat or on the floor. its been dropped, fallen off shelves, shoved into a shelf and used as tv speakers. i lost the power cord for awhile and had to use batteries which lasted a long time on moderate volume. im sure beer has been spilled of it as well since its been to alot of parties. after all this the only thing thats broken is the the top antenna piece which isnt a big deal, i dont even know how that happened. other than that its got some scuffs and scrapes. the only gripe i have  is that when its bumped the cd skips (but does not scratch the disk.) and the lid doesnt close very securely, (can be opened with slight pressure on the sides) nothing alittle tape to hold it down cant fix. but since its most of the time out of the way of people its not a problem. so overall excellent boombox that will last a long time i just wish that for the money it could take hits without skipping
97. The Sony Radio Boombox has great sound quality.  
98. It is the only great sound system we found that you can take with you anywhere you go.
99. great sound good price and well made tough  we love it my husband is tough on radios but he loves this one and it looks like it will last him a long time made for construction jobs so you know it has to be made good would reccomened this to any one
100. The sound is excellent. 
101. i was limited to my choices of a rugged boombox with a cd player.my dad goes through a boombox every year due to weather related issues and what-not.although the true test will be through the summer, this box puts out some good quality sound.it has preset buttons which is nice and although it is large, it is not heavy, which is also nice.
102. The sound is better than I expected.  
103. The sound is great,and they are truly Heavy Duty!
104. It's weather resistant, which is perfect for his pool area, and the sound quality is good.
105. Great sound too.
106. The sound is clear. 
107. Has good sound quality and a secure CD compartment. 
108. I initially tried the JVC Kaboom which has terrific sound and bass, but it was so heavy it was giving me neck pains carrying it in and out of my classes. 
109. The sound quality is great and it picks up lots of stations. 
110. I have it plugged into AC and will most likely never put a battery in it.My review:This radio/boombox has slightly over average sound quality. 
111. The CD player produces a better quality of sound than the radio does but that could be due to the crappy radio stations where I live.This device has a large footprint. 
112. The sound is crystal clear and very well-balanced, even at high volumes. 
113. I thought that not having EQ might bother me because I'm an audiophile, but the sound is just very balanced to where I don't feel the urgent need to make adjustments. 
114. If it's as sturdy as it is big & heavy, it'll be a tank of a boombox.The sound quality is good with CD's.  
115. Sound quality is terrific and the CD's don't jump when the boombox is moved around.
116. The sound quality is good. 
117. This is indeed heavy duty, and it has great sound - lots of volume! 
118. I love it because my son is able to use it in a fashion that meets his needs and it has a great sound as well. 
119. Glad when I got it, is very sturdy, nice red color. the sound is great. 
120. It sounded like the treble needed set higher to clear up the sound, but alas, no bass or treble controls. 
121. It has great sound, great features and seems a lot more durable.
122. A very high quality sound system in a tight and stable enclosure. 
123. The seals around everything make me think it will outlast the last few radios.Good sound, MP3 player, radio presets are all good features.I rate it a buy.
124. Their sound was only good when you were close to the speakers but they had decent bass and sound for their size.The only reason I wanted this boombox was to use with my MP3 player outside and be able to hear it from at least 40 ft away. 
125. Their sound was only good when you were close to the speakers but they had decent bass and sound for their size.The only reason I wanted this boombox was to use with my MP3 player outside and be able to hear it from at least 40 ft away. 
126. Very impressive.Indoors the sound compares to a decent stereo and has some incredible bass along with some crisp, clear sound that you typically wouldn't expect from a boombox. 
127. Very impressive.Indoors the sound compares to a decent stereo and has some incredible bass along with some crisp, clear sound that you typically wouldn't expect from a boombox. 
128. It iwll be perfect for outdoor use and the sound quality is perfect!  
129. The zs-H10CP has a nice heavy basey sound, that sounds larger and heavier than other boomboxes. 
130. Battery life is poor (maybe 8 hours on 6 "D" cells) and the sound volume is on the weak side.  
131. The sound quality, however, is good.  
132. Great sound and lasted 3 years for us before finally went dead and this was after leaving outside all the time.  
133. The sound was great!
134. The boombox sound works OK, but from the first day the LCD display has been suspect:  The right-most large digit has been truncated, and therefore unreadable.  
135. It has very nice sound quality.  
136. Not bad sound for a unit with this size of speakers. 
137. Very good sound quality.
138. For the money the sound is pretty good.  
139. And... if the station does not come in clear you have to manual program the station which is another 2 steps (what a pain) Sound- wise it is probably a 6 or 7 compared on how big this thing is and how you perceive the sound should be. 
140. Best way to describe it as a semi beefy tunnel sound. 
141. I searched high and low for a product like this and seriously, this was the only one that had it all ... plays regular and mp3 CDs, AM/FM radio, line-in for any external player from laptops to mp3 players, no useless cassette player to get in the way and most importantly, it has GREAT sound; plenty of volume and bass response.  
142. Highly recommended if you need a rugged player with great sound, mp3 capabilities and line-in feature.  
143. Sound is good, controls are intuitive. 
144. Great sound, easy to operate......but don't leave it out in the rain because it will cease to operate. 
145. Use this camping, tailgating, and in the backyard...Great sound! 
146. Although it is "supersized" (probably for outside protection) and bright red, the sound is wonderful .. 
147. This player has good sound, works great. 
148. well designed product. controls can be used even with gloves on in the cold weather. light and easy to transport with very good sound quality. great buy!
149. I just wanted something to put beside my bed that would sound good and this this is way beyond that! 
150. This boombox is attractive, well made, has beautiful sound and the batteries last a long time. 
151. Clear sound as well.
152. Bought this for my son thinking it would be durable but still sound great. 
153. Turns out...sounding great is more important and this bass sound wasn't great so we're returning it for the Sharp.
154. The sound quality on this machine is excellent. 
155. It will fill up the whole room, just like my sound system. 
156. It has good sound and is plenty loud enough. 
157. Easy to carry--easy to use--great sound.  
158. any carpenter worth his salt will tell you the most important tool on the job is the sound system.the last sony i had was the called the outback and it worked up to standards and is the reason i bought sony again.zs-h10cp puts out great sound but has in my opinion two serious flaws#1 is the cord is not hard-wired and very delicate#2 is the dust / water seal and latch on the cd is very poorother than those two issues i am very satisfiedsteve from santa barbara ca.
159. any carpenter worth his salt will tell you the most important tool on the job is the sound system.the last sony i had was the called the outback and it worked up to standards and is the reason i bought sony again.zs-h10cp puts out great sound but has in my opinion two serious flaws#1 is the cord is not hard-wired and very delicate#2 is the dust / water seal and latch on the cd is very poorother than those two issues i am very satisfiedsteve from santa barbara ca.
160. -Excellent sound quality: Sony has always been good about its sound capabilities. 
161. -Excellent sound quality: Sony has always been good about its sound capabilities. 
162. You get sound quality that you'd expect from a pricier unit for a modest amount of money. 
163. The sound quality is great, the rugged construction lives up to the claims on the box, and the features are on par with more expensive radios. 
164. This boombox has a great sound and really durable build quality. 
165. It has a really good sound and tough. 
166. The sound quality is great. 
167. Great sound easy to use. 
168. So if your into gizzmos and bling bling keep shopping but you want great sound and something you can throw in the back of your truck or off a cliff its a winner
169. There isn't a "sound" equalizer button like on the S2, so you can't personalize equalizer settings unless you do so in your ipod and then play it through the unit. 
170. I do like that with the input jack you can use the unit as a small subwoofer box of sorts to plug into a TV for extra sound; I assume that you could even use the unit as a so-so PA system for events as well.In conclusion, Sony has a great product here, but they need to balance out the options more in order to truly make this the king of sport/worksite boomboxes. 
171. It has great sound and contrary to another review has plenty of volume. 
172. He said it was exactly what he was looking for...heavy duty, great sound and mp3 compatible.  
173. Sound is great for my backyard. 
174. I got this for my son's birthday he loves the color red and the sound is great, it heavy duty
175. This product rocks.We use it all the time even in the rain and it never misses a beat.Great for camping and on the patio.The sound quality is great.
176. The sound is amazing...a little bit bulky, but we have a pool and we use it outside.  
177. This item delivers a powerful sound.  
178. I wanted a sound system in my new garage and did not prepare beforehand by prewiring. 
179. Nice constuction/interface/sound quality.  
180. I bought it as a present to my son after his boombox stopped playing CDs.AM/FM Radio: I have no complaints here- it picks up local radio stations and it is a good clear reception.CD Player:  I played a CD- no problems here too.Sound Quality:  I was a bit disappointed with the sound quality of the boombox because the old boombox was more pleasant to ear than the new one. 
181. It seems like it lacks highs and deepness of the sound.Final verdict- It is designed to withstand some abuse for example, riding in the car.  
182. It does what it's supposed to do, but the sound quality sucks- lacks lows and especially highs, and it makes the sound "shallow".  
183. It does what it's supposed to do, but the sound quality sucks- lacks lows and especially highs, and it makes the sound "shallow".  

negative sentences : 
1. I usually plug my iPod in and the sound has been very good (maybe even better) with that.I have not tried to use this with radio, since radio is dead where I live (thanks Clear Channel).This boombox is considered portable, but it's built like a tank, weighs as much as a tank and a tank might even be smaller. 
2. When it was played the sound was loud, as expected of a teenager!  
3. No speakers sound good playing two radio stations at the same time.Other disappointments were the lack of a simple, conventional cord (it comes with a transformer), and a significantly cheaper feel than I expected.  
4. Now, for the con's: If anything, it would be 1) It has a bulky AC adaptor verses a regular power cord, and 2) Not a definitive sound meaning the sound is very good, and I mean that, but it could use a simple equalizer component as part of the system, and not just the bass boost which does indeed work well.  
5. Now, for the con's: If anything, it would be 1) It has a bulky AC adaptor verses a regular power cord, and 2) Not a definitive sound meaning the sound is very good, and I mean that, but it could use a simple equalizer component as part of the system, and not just the bass boost which does indeed work well.  
6. like it being tough and easy to carry not heavy, good sound plays loud, great reception for radio. like it
7. The five or six other local stations I tried were nearly impossible to distinguish becasue of bleed over and had terrible sound quality.  
8. Not too heavy and good quality sound my husband is very pleased with this radio for his outdoor shows this summer
9. The sound is not as good as I expected but acceptable.  
10. Listen, between the shear size - the size of a piece of luggage, the poor quality sound, and that stupid DC converter half the size of a brick built into the power cord, I sent it back for a refund.  
11. I expect that it will outlast any of the other sound systems they have used in the past and can withstand quite a beating.
12. As a result, sound quality toggles between mid-range-muffled, and mid-range-muffled-with-louder-bass- On our unit, the LCD display arrived dysfunctional: right-most digit was unreadable.Otherwise, the unit is sturdy and ruggedized, and the controls and ports are weatherized and easy to operate with gloves.  
13. sound is marginal; bought a Bose speaker to by pass speakers.  
14. Thought the sound would be degraded... 
15. Sound is still terrible. 
16. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for portable sound for their MP3 player.
17. Let me just say, I know bad sound when I hear it. 
18. ok so this will sound wierd but I got this for my dog who is afraid of thunder.  
19. Regardless of whether you're using the Aux In port, CD player, or radio receiver, the sound is great.Cons:-Inconvenient button/dial placement: Given that the radio is almost out of reach for some of our staff, having the volume knob on top of the unit is a bit troublesome. 
20. Sound is good, not great, but ok.  
21. First I bought Insigna's cheap little white "sport" player that had an interesting design but worthless sound quality and output. 
22. The sound was not as good as I expected from Sony.  
23. Sound quality is more than expected, box is well built and superb engineering is evident.  

------------------------------------------------------------------
feature : radio, positive Score : 121 and negative Score :-36
------------------------------------------------------------------
positive sentences : 
1. i needed a louder more durable radio for outside BBQing, and seafood boils, this works great !
2. They told me to move the antenna around, to make sure I was tuning to the proper frequency, to move the radio to a different location.  
3. I actually came on Amazon today to find a small radio that I can connect trhough the AUX port on this Sony boombox.God I hate this boombox.
4. We are using the Sony Boombox ZSH10CP mainly at the poolside - perfect for that hence protected against water splashes.Sound at FM + CD + Ipod (need to purchase cable - see below*) is tops, with AM radio still OK plus.Reception: Receiving most FM stations without retrieving the telescopic antenna, AM reception is evenly good.Fun factor: HUGE!
5. Great that you can leave the AC adapter (included) at home when going to the beach, making it a little lighter.So - well built gear, great sound, easy to handle (big wheel for volume, nice buttons at the side) combined with very good radio reception: FIVE stars without a blink & highly recommended.
6. I read in the reviews that this CD radio/boombox was big, but I ordered it anyway(!) 
7. The sound is outstanding~~good radio reception, too. 
8. Although the unit itself has a nice rubbery coating, it just doesn't seem like it could take much outdoor exposure, unless it's somewhat protected from the elements.I have a small Tivo radio that can stand up to this puppy any day. 
9. Even though the volume is not as loud as I thought it would be, the radio is still a perfect investment for the shop.
10. I use this one for my work is a hard core I work in construction is my pal so far it been good radio
11. We just received it and yes, it 's a BIG system, don 't expect it to be skinny, it 's not.I read a lot of reviews so I 'm not going in detail to much, it 's a great radio, cd system & it looks cool!
12. Most of this was on radio or line in, as I haven't used the CD player yet.  
13. This is a great radio! 
14. I opted for this radio over the big named models because of price.  
15. I felt that for what I paid I got a fantastic radio that works very well.  
16. Sound is clear with very good stereo separation through out the volume range, which can reach quite loud, yet retains sound clarity.In Radio mode, FM tuning includes the Even Frequencies (unused in the U.S.) 
17. My old 1960s 9 transistor radio got more stations clearly.This model also has a weird tuning system with no tuning knob, just + and - buttons and an illogical way to preset stations.Sony is just a name now, not a mark of quality. 
18. I really expected to like this boombox, but I was disappointed almost immediately, because the radio tuning isn't selective.In other words, even when you're listening to strong stations, you can hear other stations "bleeding over" into the one you're tuned to.  
19. There is simply no excuse for poor selectivity in a $140 radio.  
20. But the lack of clean, clear radio reception makes this a no-buy recommendation from me.
21. This radio's reception is awful.The antenna is very cheap, and useless.And for some reason, the professionals at sony decided that they would have the transformer be a separate item to deal with.  
22. The only redeeming part of this radio is the fact that it plays cds.I would avoid this radio at all costs.  
23. Saying that I really like this beautiful red radio - CD player.  
24. I think any man (or strong woman) who likes music/radio at work would love this radio.  
25. I searched for a radio my husband could take outside by the pool or to do yardwork.  
26. This radio is very durable and sounds great.
27. While I like a durable radio for work, the controls are minimal. 
28. It has no clock, which would be a big plus for a work radio. 
29. The radio is great for our needs.  
30. If you are looking for a bulkier heavy duty type radio this is the one I'd go with.  
31. My wife even commented that it doesn't sound like a normal dinky portable radio.I use this unit at the pool, in the garage, while cutting the grass, working outside, etc.Glad I went with this one.  
32. The radio looks nice when you remove it from the box.  
33. Great radio had one for a couple of years liked it so I bought 3 more for my kids for christmas
34. My wife bought me this boombox because I work construction and I'd go through a radio every few months. what are the pro's and con's of this critter?
35. I wanted something that he could run his PSP into, if he wanted to play music that way, but also have a heavy duty, radio/CD player, since he has been digging through a lot of my old CDs recently. 
36. I can't remember having a radio, modern or old, with a worse tuner. 
37. I've listened with her - both CD's of various genre and radio. 
38. It was turned onto either mp3 or radio the entire time with volume about halfway up.  
39. It gets much louder when playing a CD or the radio.But great purchase, it still works great!
40. The speakers are large mid range size. they do play bass well, but they are not sup woofers. don't expect too much. the speakers start do distort the sound when playing a song with a lot of bass at full volume. but you can't expect perfect sound from something you can carry around.in conclusion, this is the perfect boom box. sounds good; can play radio, cd, and mp3; its not to heavy; and its built to last.
41. CD's sound great, and you can program so many radio channels. 
42. This is almost the perfect jobsite radio.  
43. In my garage I could receive a single station reasonably clearly, the local national public radio.  
44. When the batteries get down to about 1.2 V (from 1.5 v new), the radio works fine but the CD player will cause an overdraw on the batteries with the result that the unit turns off.  
45. Is a very nice radio.  
46. after owning 3 other sub $50 boomboxes over the past few years i finally took the plunge and bought a real jobsite radio/CD player.  
47. The radio function is excellent and the sound is great.
48. Sony support blamed my local radio stations, problem is my $15 transister picks them up fine as does all our other radios. 
49. I would definitely recommend this to anyone that needs a strong radio/cd player that may be in an outdoor or wet environment.
50. :this edit 2/16/2012: i bought this 2 years ago cause i wanted a rugged radio to take to the lake and be able to take a beating. i was really impressed with how good the sound quality was and how loud it could get. put it outside and everyone can hear it even at parties. for awhile my friend used it in his vw bus cause he didnt have a radio in it. he just put it on the passenger seat or on the floor. its been dropped, fallen off shelves, shoved into a shelf and used as tv speakers. i lost the power cord for awhile and had to use batteries which lasted a long time on moderate volume. im sure beer has been spilled of it as well since its been to alot of parties. after all this the only thing thats broken is the the top antenna piece which isnt a big deal, i dont even know how that happened. other than that its got some scuffs and scrapes. the only gripe i have  is that when its bumped the cd skips (but does not scratch the disk.) and the lid doesnt close very securely, (can be opened with slight pressure on the sides) nothing alittle tape to hold it down cant fix. but since its most of the time out of the way of people its not a problem. so overall excellent boombox that will last a long time i just wish that for the money it could take hits without skipping
51. The Sony Radio Boombox has great sound quality.  
52. The only hangs ups I really have with it are:1) It uses a huge power adapter instead of a standard power cord that could fold neatly into the back of the radio.2) The volume has to be turned up upon powering up the radio (it defaults to level 0), so it wont keep your volume settings like my old radio would after being turned off.3) A remote would have been nice, too.
53. Sometimes the radio signal is a bit poor, but its not often and not that bad for me. 
54. I was getting real tired of the local radio fare while at work, the seemingly endless repetition of their playlists made me yearn for more. 
55. Just couldn't make myself pay a monthly fee for satellite radio. 
56. I can throw on a cd full of mp3's and listen for hours and hours without hearing the same old stuff and not have to change the disk.A little bit larger than the DeWalt jobsite radio, but all in all I am very happy that I bought this unit!
57. This radio is HEAVY but is also heavy duty. 
58. Nice radio rain/dust proof a plus for rugged out-door use!!! 
59. When my old radio quit working (most likely because of all the dust inside it!) 
60. I have it plugged into AC and will most likely never put a battery in it.My review:This radio/boombox has slightly over average sound quality. 
61. The CD player produces a better quality of sound than the radio does but that could be due to the crappy radio stations where I live.This device has a large footprint. 
62. My only flaw I have about the radio is, it's not loud enough for my taste. 
63. The radio tuner is not as good (at least in my particular area) as the CD player, but this isn't the first radio to behave this way in this location.If you want one that'll play CD's, this is the one for you.  
64. The radio tuner is not as good (at least in my particular area) as the CD player, but this isn't the first radio to behave this way in this location.If you want one that'll play CD's, this is the one for you.  
65. The radio sounds loud and clear...no static at all.  
66. My husband had wanted this radio for so long and whined for so long to get it. 
67. left it out on the back porch and got a quick shower.....done deal...i wish there was a waterproof portable radio!!!!!!!
68. The seals around everything make me think it will outlast the last few radios.Good sound, MP3 player, radio presets are all good features.I rate it a buy.
69. This is a great radio for the price.  
70. There must be a better radio for outside usage than this.
71. Well built, great sounding radio. 
72. I had the jvc kaboombox back in 1998, it was a nice sounding radio but a monster at 27 pounds to carry around. 
73. We do alot of camping and outdoor activites so we really enjoy listening to good tunes on a great, rich sounding  radio.
74. Great radio but the same thing happened that you see in the pics.  
75. This will be a great radio once I go blind.  
76. well builted nice look functional would recommend to any one that needs a heavy duty radio that sounds  nice and has some neat lilltle pulg in
77. I searched high and low for a product like this and seriously, this was the only one that had it all ... plays regular and mp3 CDs, AM/FM radio, line-in for any external player from laptops to mp3 players, no useless cassette player to get in the way and most importantly, it has GREAT sound; plenty of volume and bass response.  
78. We bought this radio to use outside by the pool. 
79. This is not a problem, but something to be aware of if you are to buy it.Likes: plays MP3 CDs effortlessly, good on batteries, easy controls, pretty good soundImprovement required: radio reception is adequate, but could be better.  
80. At first, Amazon said it was going to take awhile to locate the radio but they found it in a couple of days and sent it to me.Great sounding radio! 
81. This radio is great. 
82. But the radio is designed to be at waist level or lower, so this won't be a problem if it's at that height.Overall, the ZSH10 is an excellent radio for the price. 
83. I didn't try the radio or MP3 function, but as a CD player - it is easy to use and fills my music room with sound - something NONE of the other players I considered would have been able to do.  
84. I bought this radio for outdoor use at a work site.  
85. It seemed to have all of the features that I was looking for in a boom box:  water resistance, a CD player, AM/FM radio and the ability to run from a power outlet instead of having to run on batteries.In reality, the AM/FM reception of this radio is not very good, and if there is something else plugged into the same outlet as the radio, it barely gets any stations at all.  
86. It seemed to have all of the features that I was looking for in a boom box:  water resistance, a CD player, AM/FM radio and the ability to run from a power outlet instead of having to run on batteries.In reality, the AM/FM reception of this radio is not very good, and if there is something else plugged into the same outlet as the radio, it barely gets any stations at all.  
87. I was looking for a good radio to bring to the park while I workout and play basketball. 
88. I have used it both ways and as an ordinary radio. 
89. However, the size isn't a problem for him & he is happy with the radio.
90. It is dust proof, it play's MP3's, Radio picks up good. 
91. I'm thinking for this size of unit it ought to be awesome but the price is OK.-  The radio tuning seems to be "so so".  
92. Make and market a rugged HD Radio boombox WITH A CD player!! 
93. I'm fortunate to live in an area with strong HD radio signals.Side rant re the iPOD: I'm sorry that little runt rules the roost.  
94. I bought it as a present to my son after his boombox stopped playing CDs.AM/FM Radio: I have no complaints here- it picks up local radio stations and it is a good clear reception.CD Player:  I played a CD- no problems here too.Sound Quality:  I was a bit disappointed with the sound quality of the boombox because the old boombox was more pleasant to ear than the new one. 

negative sentences : 
1. I usually plug my iPod in and the sound has been very good (maybe even better) with that.I have not tried to use this with radio, since radio is dead where I live (thanks Clear Channel).This boombox is considered portable, but it's built like a tank, weighs as much as a tank and a tank might even be smaller. 
2. I usually plug my iPod in and the sound has been very good (maybe even better) with that.I have not tried to use this with radio, since radio is dead where I live (thanks Clear Channel).This boombox is considered portable, but it's built like a tank, weighs as much as a tank and a tank might even be smaller. 
3. It also will catch far away stations.i came back to write more on this, this radio is super, i really love it.
4. This boombox is no good as a radio. 
5. No speakers sound good playing two radio stations at the same time.Other disappointments were the lack of a simple, conventional cord (it comes with a transformer), and a significantly cheaper feel than I expected.  
6. This radio get lousy reception, even at the drive in theater where the transmitter is about 50 yards away.It gets no stations at my house. 
7. It plays home made mp3 cd's well . but the radio is pretty much useless.
8. Replaced a previous heavy duty Sony radio/CD player that finally gave out.  
9. like it being tough and easy to carry not heavy, good sound plays loud, great reception for radio. like it
10. This is a heavy radio for no reason as you can see the speaker are small so its not as loud as you would think. 
11. Not too heavy and good quality sound my husband is very pleased with this radio for his outdoor shows this summer
12. It's noisy, and imprecise rendering the radio almost useless. 
13. Without the antenna the radio is pretty much worthless. 
14. It's been hard to find a radio that will play music and CDs. 
15. It sounds great and when you are tired of hearing the radio just throw in a CD. 
16. I have read all the one star ratings and we never used the radio on this unit to much, we strictly used the cd player and it was loud enough for our jobsites. 
17. My cheap clock radio does a lot better.I bought this boombox mainly for the radio, to listen to while working around the house.  
18. This Radio/Boombox is as tough as they said it would be and the sound is as promised. 
19. It's just a bad ass radio totally worth the money!!! 
20. My husband works in a warehouse and wanted a radio that would be loud enough to drown out the machines.  
21. I purchased this for my dad, who ruined his other portable radio. 
22. However, with the cumbersome electrical cord, the cd player that doesn't clip the cds in place, the crappy metal antenna that broke on the second day of use, and the overly large size, this radio is a pain to use on a jobsite.  
23. Both of these stations are easily received on any other radio in the house/car. 
24. The radio reception is poor unless the signal is close. 
25. Radio works fine so not sure where those comments came from in previous reviews.
26. First of all, it is heavy and not your ordinary CD-player/radio. 
27. There is no feature that is efficient.We will be returning it and buying theBosch PB360D 18-Volt Lithium-Ion Deluxe Power Box Jobsite Radio and ChargerIt is more money, but it has more features and my husband has seen it and heard it since many of the guys on different construction sites had it. 
28. The line-in jack is a great feature for working in areas with poor radio reception.My only complaint (and the reason it doesn't get 5 stars) is that the radio resets itself when switching from wall power to battery power - forcing you to retune and readjust the volume. 
29. Love this radio, my son is disabled and is hard on stereos and so far has not managed to break this oneHeavy dutyVery durableGreat colorGreat sound
30. Also the radio reception is poor. 
31. Since we are in a metal building it can be hard to catch radio stations so the night crew tends to move it around to catch the "big game" of the evening. 
32. Overall I would highly recommend this portable radio.  
33. Did not have good reception for radio, cd deck stopped working within the first year and now power will not stay on. 
34. Regardless of whether you're using the Aux In port, CD player, or radio receiver, the sound is great.Cons:-Inconvenient button/dial placement: Given that the radio is almost out of reach for some of our staff, having the volume knob on top of the unit is a bit troublesome. 
35. Trying to find a radio is difficult. 
